In Major League Baseball, bench clearings should be banned.
I shouldn't get a job in this economic climate because it'll be automated anyway; I should just wait for a post-scarcity utopia.
Religion is not violent or not violent, its followers are.
Iran has the right to develop nuclear weapons
The events in Paris suck...but the comic creator wasn't some great martyr or anything.
It is ok to hate a religion so long as you do not hate its followers
Captions translating Arabic into English need to have "Allahu Akbar" displayed as "God is Greater" or "God is [the] Greatest".
There is no productive reason to have, "Under God" in the US Pledge of Allegiance and, "In God We Trust" on the dollar bill.
Diet soda is perfectly healthy for you.
Anything that is man-made is natural.
Essential Oils are bullshit
I'm extremely scared of flying. Please CMV.
I think the Paris shooting makes a good case for culture of responsible gun ownership any carrying.
I hate the way Android works on phones
Explaining causation is not "blaming" the victim, and it's a worthwhile endeavor.
I think the Countries should spend less time pursuing things like Space Achievements, and work on things that will actually benefit citizens
Printing an image of the Muslim prophet Muhammad is not "standing up for free speech"
Philosophy has no tangible value as an academic field of study.
Freedom of speech is being taken too far
Apple Laptops are best for everyday use
Eugenics isn't all that bad... And we don't even have to kill anyone for it
"What is your favorite X" does not stimulate interesting discussion and shouldn't be allowed on strictly moderated forums/subreddits.
Irony aside, most people that post in CMV are uneducated, and changing their view on one point won't solve this overall problem
Prerequisites for courses should be replaced by a "(strongly) suggested background"
Driving a car is insanely risky and probably the most dangerous thing you do in your everyday life.
I believe there should be a Death Race-esque Contest for Prisoners
Shaming someone for a lack of empathy is just as bad as shaming someone for any other inborn trait
cd's and portable music harmes music itself.
Whole Brain Emulation is clearly the way the Singularity is coming.
We the people of all countries should ALWAYS be allowed to record police officers and public officials (In Germany we are NOT!!)
I think the idea of a life after death is far more frightening than simply ceasing to exist
Minimum Wages Should Automatically Adjust Based on a Price Index
Romeo and Juliet is not a satire of the irrationality of young people
Raising minimum wage to get workers off of food stamps means that instead of the 1% paying the lionshare of their living expenses, the 99% who shop there will be paying it by themselves.
I think that drone strikes and other similar types of operations like with bin Laden are futile and illegal
Police officers should have stricter guidelines on when they can use their firearms or in some cases be disarmed completely of the ability to use lethal force.
Assuming there is no afterlife, then life is ultimately meaningless and pointless because we die.
Success of the Philae lander wholly depended on the lander touching down on ALL legs correctly the very first attempt.
Major corporations collecting consumer data is ethically wrong, increases consumer vulnerability to identity theft, and is a violation of privacy.
Determinism vs. Indeterminism... and the bigger question, "Free-Will".
I don't believe history "has shown we won't ever" launch nuclear weapons one or more countries.
Religion is still in society because it is taught and forced into children's brains.
The U.S. drinking age, and other laws that are disrespected by the majority, should no longer be enforced and changed
The systems of Descartes and Leibniz collapse into Spinozism.
EMTs, SAR, firefighters, police, etc. should receive “military discounts”.
Religious fundamentalists should be diagnosed with a form of psychosis.
I'm scared shitless over automation and the disappearance of jobs
I believe you have three choices once you discover the suffering animals endure in the meat industry...
Almost every college football Bowl Game should be eliminated
Han Solo is a space douchebag.
I don't believe inmates should be eligible for organ transplants.
Surgery is an overused answer for minor problems.
FDR did not get the United States out of The Depression
America is a better place because of the 55 million abortions its had
Cloth car seats are better than leather
Employees who smoke should not be allowed to smoke in front of the business they work in
Humans are going to die out because of an economic collapse
Veganism and vegetarianism are not the best way to improve farm animal welfare
CMV The EGG came first before the chicken.
TV Commercials Should Not Accost Their Viewers as to the Presence or Absence of Meats
Patriotism is the belief that being born on one side of a line makes you better.
I believe the Major League Baseball regular season is too long in terms of the number of games played
Animals Are Jerks
In a perfect world, all police wear body cameras. If an incident occurs in which the body cam was not activated (by accident or not) the officer is guilty until proven innocent
I believe the desire to remove gun rights from the mentally ill (to prevent violence against others) results more from stigma than rationality.
Wedding ceremonies are a waste of time money, and energy
I believe that regularly browsing 4chan will make you into a worse person
"Brave New World" was not Dystopian Fiction, and even had a happy ending
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, December 27, 2014 - Friday, January 02, 2015
The 99% was people realising they do not matter.
I believe that most contemporary art is garbage that doesn't require much effort on the part of the artist.
i have a hard time feeling sympathetic towards ebola aid workers (and feel bad about it)
In-N-Out has amazing french fries
CMV : We need to keep working on A.I., even if this could mean the end of the human race
[MOD POST] Genderless January
Super hero secret identities are unnecessary and actually get in the way of crime fighting.
I believe a world government is a good thing
Why America isnt a scary place to move to
Human nature makes Communism impossible
Tobacco isn't that bad
Colonel Quaritch from "Avatar" was right.
The podcast "Serial" is disgusting, or at least the viewership is
Most tattoo artists who "specialize" in the old-school/Sailor Jerry style only do so because they don't actually have any talent.
I don't see cheating necessarily as a disservice to kids who try hard or are actually smart.
Food is close to inedible when the expiration date printed on the container is near, within a couple of days.
Students who receive no financial aid from their parents should be able to declare independent on their FAFSA.
The Alexander Bok "Dance Dare" was not police brutality
Playing Smash Bros. with items turned off is lame.
The term "steep learning curve" is used incorrectly what people really mean is "shallow learning curve"
Nobody who works in a cubicle or other job where you rarely interact with anyone other than your co-workers should have any dress code beyond "cover your naughty bits" and "don't wear offensive stuff"
Universities that receive public funding should be responsible for placing their graduating students in relevant careers
A teenager can be just as intelligent as an adult (on certain topics) because age and experience don't equal intelligence.
I don't believe illegal immigrants in America deserve citizenship more than those who go through the legal process
Careless usage of the term "Textbook Science" muddles the concept of the scientific method for the layman, and actively contributes to generalized distrust of science in public opinion.
Sean Connery wasn't the definitive James Bond.
Gun violence, education reform, concussions in American football, the European far right, and the Israel-Palestine conflict cannot be resolved without fixing economic inequality.
There are more taboos and stigmas in modern morality than there are logical reasons for them
Attempting to convert people to your religion (or lack of) is a MORAL thing to do.
Fresh Topic Friday - 01/02/15
Insults such as 'You're gay' are not an affront to gay people
Women who are anti-feminism do not have internalized misogyny.
I don't think anyone should have to pay child support. Ever.
The idea of "Buy local" or "Buy American" is primarily grounded in selfishness.
If you pay a flat fee for Internet, it is a nice and acceptable thing to leave an unsecured WiFi network for neighbors and travelers.
Pepper Spray and Tasers are covered under the second amendment
Although I accept that global warming is man made and real, it seems to me the odds are it might be better to do nothing.
There is No Free Will
There is no sound biblical argument that makes being trans-gender morally wrong.
A geography question in Trivial Pursuit should no include questions like "What state was ____ born in"
I believe that same sex marriage has distracted LGBT people from more important issues
Physical media such as DVDs, blu-rays, and music CDs are pointless to purchase, because they will be obsolete within 10 years
As we change from 2014 to 2015 — I think the acronyms B.C.E. and C.E. which are used to supersede B.C. and A.D. are antihistorical, pretentious euphemisms with no place in the scientific and academic communities or anywhere else
Timed essays like the SAT don't properly measure one's writing skills, nor their critical thinking skills.
UN Peacekeepers should have the power to engage in offensive operations
Copyright law should include a "continued use" provision.
The most financially successful film released in 2014 was likely Planes: Fire and Rescue
Serial killers cannot be rehabilitated.
Singing well is largely natural and for most, no matter how much they practice, they will never be great singers
Tricky or odd grammar rules, although sometimes useful, should be done away with for casual conversation.
The field of economics is inherently biased against poor people
Men should either be able to waive their financial obligations to their child, or they should have abortion rights.
[MOD POST] Best of CMV 2014
Soccer will never become a major sport in the US.
Pirating Porn is Morally Preferable to Paying For Porn.
Japan ought to ban abortion
LGBTQ folks should be featured more prominently in kid's TV and education.
CMV- Mentally handicapped people should be held to more or less the same standard as neurotypical employees when working at their job.
You birth determines the vast majority of success/quality in your life.
CMV : In most cases, the pirates that only download but do not upload copyrighted content are causing no loss to the copyright holder.
The iPhone keyboard/texting is hands down better than Android.
Instead of "bands" for income tax there should be a continuous formula for tax rates
Riots and looting in Ferguson were for the greater good
The Canada Pension Plan is a Ponzi scheme
Making a product or service illegal only creates a black market which is generally more harmful than what is being made illegal
I think we should get rid of random drug testing from schools.
Debating the ethical or moral judgement given on the choice of method of suicide completely undermines the act itself.
I believe that the British Monarchy is, on balance, a positive net contributor to the United Kingdom in all aspects of our nation.
Female-only gyms and women's shelters are not discriminatory… or are they?
CMV - Mobile websites are a relic of the early mobile internet era and are inferior to actual websites when using your smartphone.
Employment sexism is justifiable. Oppress less, educate more.
Current US culture encourages mediocrity
There is only one "right" way to play the Mass Effect series (spoilers)
The perks of corporate personhood should be extended reciprocally to all people.
In moderation, drugs like heroin, cocaine and meth are no worse for you than moderate alcohol use.
Athletes should not be penalised for blood doping or taking PEDs (or any other artificial performance enhancement like surgery). CMV.
We shouldn't stop testing drugs on animals.
"There is nothing else else for us to do, we aren't given anything else to do" is not an acceptable excuse for going out and robbing people/getting involved in gangs
Boston is not a liberal city and Massachusetts is not a liberal state
Any given aspect of the legal system should be short and simple enough that an average high school graduate could fully memorize it
Comcast isn't that bad.
Justice for the sake of revenge or retribution is immoral and counter-productive.
The theatrical cuts of Lord of the Rings are superior to the extended cuts and should be considered the definitive versions.
People who cheat on their spouses can and should, in some cases, be forgiven
Otherkin are delusional and should be treated as such
failing to yield to pedestrians in crosswalks, like running red lights, is bad driving
Surveys show that women's happiness has decreased over the last 30 years. Feminism had a negative effect.
I don't believe that North Korea was behind the threats to theaters scheduled to show The Interview
I think the song "Animals" by Maroon 5 promotes rape culture
Most modern methods of hunting are unsporting.
Swimming is the best form of exercise
Men should sit down to urinate in any private restroom.
Using "torture" to gather information, but not confessions, should be allowed.
western society encourages sociopathic behaviour
Everything you can get from a closed relationship, you can get from an open one, and more. The demands of a closed relationship are unrealistic and hard to live up to. Monogamy should be a rare relationship type for hardcore exclusivity fetishists; open should be the normal default.
The "Fat Acceptance" movement just encourages over-weight Americans to keep on being 'fat' while shaming those on the opposite side of the scale.
I feel skill is largely determined by experience. Compliments on skill are almost meaningless.
Harsh factory conditions, no social net, censorship and the Chinese Communist Party is a necessary evil to bring China, and along with it, Asia, back up to par alongside the rest of the players among the world stage.
If you wouldnt want a highly evolved being to eat you, it's morally inconsistent and on some level wrong to eat meat.
Surplus Value Theorem is definitive proof that capitalism is an inefficient system.
The highest form of relationship between men and women doomed to be romance
Addiction does not exist.
CMV Me joining the army is not a waste of time nor does it conflict with my personality
I think the criminal use of TOR negates its benefits, and the service should be shut down.
When making macaroni and cheese, it's better to mix the cheese ingredients into the cooked/strained noodles rather than mix them in the empty pot, then add the noodles
Despite the frequency imbalance, a false rape accusation is worse than rape because there is no recourse for the victim with the former.
The Call of Duty franchise is extremely overrated and overhyped.
Activity on the internet should be much more heavily regulated
Posting nude pictures online is caused by a need for attention and not empowering
I don't think CNN deserves the scorn it received over its reporting of the disappearance of MH370
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, December 20, 2014 - Friday, December 26, 2014
Making New Year's Resolutions is almost always a futile effort, and anyone who waits until the new year to change a huge aspect of their lives is deluding them self.
The internet (or access to it) should be considered a fundamental human right.
Robots replacing people's jobs can have a likely positive outcome
Eminem is gay
The Bible does not clearly explain the requirements for Christian salvation
I think that celebrity subreddits should be banned, especially the "starlets" ones.
I Think Targeted Marketing is a Good Thing
I think being overtly paranoid about marketing and subtle ads is fucking stupid.
I believe criminal immigrants, legal or not, should serve their sentence and be deported to the country from whence they came
Networking for jobs behaves as a discriminatory mechanism to keep money &amp; good jobs inside a particular social circle, &amp; should be discouraged or eliminated as a criterion for employment.
I have started to believe more in the need of a authoritative surveillance state.
Tywin Lannister is overrated (Massive ASOIAF Book and TV Series Spoliers Follow)
I believe the Brave Little Toaster is an incredibly underrated movie
Personality tests are misleading and dangerous
OKCupid's way of displaying others to you based on a 'hotness' rating has a negative effect on its users
If you're able, European and subscribe even loosely to European values, you should be on the Ukrainian border, driving back Russians
If I'm ever on a jury, police testimony will hold no more weight to me than any other witness.
China should reform to a Liberal Democratic form of Government
Progress in automation will eventually lead to a full fledge genocide on the majority of the population.
Identifying highway exits by the mile marker is always superior to identifying them by order. (In the U.S.)
Their is no shame in pirating "The Interview" because of how poorly Sony handled the situation.
Owning cats in suburban areas should be outlawed or at the very least controlled.
Detroit is the best opportunity for AnarchCap ideals to be implemented, yet won't because of intrinsic failures of AnarchCap ideology.
The US government should pay reparations to all black families with proof that they lived in the US at least by 1970
If a religious person truly believed their texts were sacred, they would devote a far greater amount of time to studying them
Tipping should not be required in California
Smoking bans (including outdoors) are completely ridiculous
I believe most people don't use social media in order to "keep in touch with other people"; I believe they do it to have a socially acceptable way to talk to themselves.
Alcohol is dangerous drug and it should not be socially accepted nor used.
The global dominance of the abrahamic faiths is largely an accident of geography
People over the retirement age (62) should not be allowed to participate in politics.
I Believe The Prosperity, Cohesiveness and Generous Spirit of Canadians is Because They Are Simply Americans Without the Enormous Costs Involved In Fighting the Cold War
GNU HURD will never succeed
No one should be expected to work to live a comfortable life.
I think allowing immigrants from poor countries to work in a developed one is not beneficial for the natives.
Nativity scenes are antisemitic.
The refugee problem is the key to solving the Israeli-Arab conflict. Resettling the refugees in their current countries of residence should be the first step towards peace.
CMV casting a huge 27 year-old as a 17 year-old when age is a big plot-point is ridiculous (the Boy Next Door)
I find nothing wrong with being attracted to sexually aware teenagers.
Most democracies are far too tolerant of extremism, especially the likes of neo-fascism, neo-nazism, radical Islamism and violent intolerance. The world has been to soft on these ideologies and they need to be eliminated whenever they appear.
America is not a democracy
People should not be looked down upon for perceived "poor" tipping.
I am scared we are heading towards a future much like the one in Farenheit 451.
I think the board game "Monopoly" is poorly designed
I don't see what's wrong with "living fast and dying young." Is it so tragic/wrong to live recklessly?
Kwanzaa is more a holiday for guilty white people than it is for black people.
If a child struggles to achieve in grade school it is virtually always the parents' fault.
The Gregorian calendar should be scrapped and replaced with something more logical.
If a lawsuit is found to be frivolous, criminal charges should be filed against the plaintiff.
People for the most part should not tip
The Star Wars prequel trilogy was better than the Hobbit trilogy.
A 'financial abortion' law for men is feasible
Health Insurance and Life Insurance should be combined
Pet rehoming fees are not good for animals.
[US] Thanksgiving should be moved to the last Thursday in June, rather than November.
People involved in crimes (victim, offender, etc.) should remain completely anonymous.
If a highway has left-side exits - I don't have to treat the left lane as a passing lines starting 3-5 miles before I intend to take the left-side exit.
/r/Pcmasterrace shouldn't be allowed to force a subscription to vote, as its a form of vote manipulation and poorly indicates the size of the subreddit relative to those that don't require it
Can someone have multiple genders, or no gender at all?
Jurors should be paid at least minimum wage, and reimbursed fairly for expenses when serving on a jury.
Accepting a gift of money from someone as a token of appreciation is not rude, and refusing to accept it just makes things awkward
Of the major religions Islam is the most violent and the the human race will be better off when this religion is forgotten.
I don't believe "financial domestic abuse" is a form of abuse.
The claim that the Western culture is superior is false
The Grandfather Paradox in time-travel thought experiments is an irrelevant concept; a successful trip backwards in time should remove any fear of a massive universe-ending paradox.
I'm Sexist.
Suicide can be a rational decision, even for the depressed and otherwise mentally ill.
You shouldn't reddit at work.
(SPOILERS) The finale of Legend of Korra completely devalued all of the titular character's previous development, and canonically wrapped up the series for fans in objectively the worst possible way. (long)
If I'm going the speed limit, it's acceptable for me to be in the left hand lane.
The "Trans-Panic" defense is a valid defense and should be an acceptable defense California (where it has been barred).
I think the term "objectification" is often a very empty/vague term that one can level at any activity he/she disapproves of
The NYPD officers who turned their backs on Mayor de Blasio should be fired
People that try to talk people out of suicide aren't doing it out of empathy, but because they don't want someone's death they see as "preventable" weighing on their conscious.
THe Flash (Wally West) could beat just about any superhero in a fight
Circumcision should not be done to infants.
I think health insurance is a scam and don't see any benefit in purchasing any policies.
North Korea is not as bad as the Western Media makes it out to be
Mobile games should not have on screen gamepads
I think the Brooklyn cop slaying incident was simply an actualization of an occupational hazard and deserves no more recognition than other workplace incidents
Prison is over-sentenced in the U.S. and should almost never be advised for Nonviolent Offenders.
I don't have a problem with the U.S. torturing people.
It's Wrong For Authorities to Single Out Men in Anti-Manspreading Posters
What some men call "double standards" are in fact not always "double standards" at all, because women have always been more sexualised. Link to case study in description.
There is no reason why PC games can't have unlimited save slots
The 'songs' that run throughout Tolkien's "The Hobbit" are pretty awful, and the book would be better with the poetry removed.
There is no reason to iron bedsheets.
I believe that it would be possible, in principle, to survive the heat death of the universe.
Bullfighting and killing animals for fun is an OK thing to do
MDMA, Cannabis, and LSD can be used to increase overall cognitive performance.
Coco Puffs are obsolete in comparison to reese's puffs.
our existence implies the existence of a god/higher power.
Organic farmers should be allowed to use seeds created through modern genetic techniques (GMOs).
Reddit should remove the down vote.
DPRK and Russian criticisms of human rights abuses in the US are legitimate, and deserve to be taken seriously.
Looks Are The Most Important Factor When Choosing A Mate For Myself
TES is a fun series but getting really into the lore won't enhance my experience.
Reddit's worldnews and politics subs are counter-productive to understanding issues
Jobs Are Becoming An Outdated Concept
Going to the dentist every 6 months is a waste of NHS money if there is nothing to worry about
I believe the NFL and NCAA kickoff starting point should be moved back 10 yards minimum.
Taxation should be voluntary, with individuals retaining the right to opt out of it.
"Network Marketing" and "Multi-Level Marketing" corporations are pyramid schemes and should be shut down.
I believe that the Indian cricket team and BCCI have no right to complain about bad decisions if they continue to oppose the DRS that is in place to correct these decisions
I believe all developed countries should have popular initiative referendums
A female president wouldn't run a nation as well as a man
The United States, Canada, and the European Union should accept each other's automobile standards.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, December 13, 2014 - Friday, December 19, 2014
Medicine should not be advertised on TV
I believe that the Gay Marriage discussion isn't as important as the media portrays it to be
Having bought a game on one platform, it's okay to pirate the same game on another platform.
I think that college is not that expensive compared to previous generations
The Southside of Brisbane is objectively better than the Northside of Brisbane
Opiates can benefit a small subset of the population
Businesses should not be forced to serve customers if the order is contrary to their beliefs.
Jesus is not that unique of a figure
I believe the mainstream narrative about 9/11 is by far the most accurate (hear me out, as I am going to include many details and points)
The hack of Sony Pictures did more good than harm (overall).
The movie "The Interview" is an example of cyber-bullying, and making Kim Jong Un mad will do no good.
Forced public speaking in school is abusive and should be abolished.
There should be a program that makes kids reversibly unfertile, to deal with overpopulation
In MMORPGs, Maximum level or rare gear is not something that commands inherent respect from other players.
Even if he wanted to, I don't think Kim Jong-Un could simply release prisoners from NK concentration camps.
You should always go to work even if you're sick, lost a friend or family member, and related reasons.
The AR-15 is the single best rifle on the market today
The word "douchebag" has lost its sting as an insult and doesn't have much meaning anymore
Support work is a horrible and demeaning profession
The negative view of children that most male redditors have is unhealthy and we need to stop encouraging it.
Satire acts as an 'enzyme' for injustice.
You usually can tell if a person is stupid or not by their facial features.
Secular morality is fatally handicapped without an afterlife
Shonen is better than the rest, and Narutards are better than Weeaboos
Fresh Topic Friday - 12/19/14
Rapping is considerably easier than singing or playing a musical instrument.
Socialism allows freeloading for the lazy
Blaming extremists instead of religion for religious terrorism is like blaming extremists instead of Nazism for World War II and the Holocaust.
The United States should adopt the green running man pictogram as its sole exit sign.
I think "The Interview" should not have been made and am glad it was pulled from theatres.
I think racial discrimination is ok to some extent
The Adversarial Criminal Justice model used in the US has been a failed experiment.
Social democracy (regulated capitalism with strong safety nets) is superior to socialism (social ownership and democratic control over the means of production)
Piracy is wrong
North Korea shutting down The Interview has more impact on the average American than CIA torture reports
Hiphop culture was born at the cross roads of racism, poverty, and the American Dream, and deserves more credit
The residing powers in the U.S. do not want to support their veterans, as veterans, aside from militia, would be the best-trained in military-grade weaponry to support a fomenting revolution.
Socialism is simply a democratic workplace and not inconsistanty at all with democracy.
I support bigger crackdowns on narcotics such as heroin, crystal meth, and crack.
/r/ShitRedditSays is a good thing
Language can only be "bad" if it is personally offensive.
I think our experience of reality is essentially 2 dimensional
Usage-based billing for internet service based on the actual cost of data transfer is a bad idea.
Republicans are trying to turn Sony pulling 'The Interview' into America losing a cyberwar so they can blame Obama for it.
Reddit has become heavily censored and is no longer a bastion for free speech and expression.
Sydney seige hostages which fled the scence acted in a selfish and dangerous manner.
We pretty much have to go to war with North Korea now.
Decreasing birth rates is Western nations' biggest problem.
I don't believe the calculation of child support should be tied to income.
It's pointless for friends with benefits to agree not to fall in love.
I don't think it's obvious that female's orgasms are more intense than male's
The Second Amendment allows for domestic terrorism and state fascism.
I think that there are instances when the rape victim should share some blame.
A 20 year prison sentence is just as bad as a life sentence
Bill Cosby is reacting exactly how he should if he was falsely accused
It is not possible to CHOOSE to believe anything.
The normalizing of relations with Cuba is a good thing.
Movie culture is overrated because it is neither diverse nor creative.
The interview should have been cancelled
I believe that people spend an inordinate amount of time and outrage on statistically insignificant issues, and flat-out ignore issues that are far more likely to have bigger impacts.
there is no legitimate reason for me NOT to take my fiancés last name when we get married.
I think recording concerts on your phone or Ipad is stupid, inconvenient, and a waste of time. Pictures? Sure, but because they only take a second.
I think #metalgate is a huge overreaction.
Obama is not a "race-baiter"
Children shouldn't be given hyphenate names combining their parents last names.
Down voting on Reddit should no longer exist.
"Classic" actors in older movies were absolutely terrible at their art.
CMV I immediately distrust people who use the word 'terrorist'.
It's wrong to lose weight/gain weight to fit someone you like's view of you.
The view that the Internet is similar to the Wild West is not true, it's more like the Mafia
There's no viable pacific way to deal with terrorists
I wish I was never born.
Europe needs stricter immigration control
A Person Who has Never ever Been in a relationship is a Loser.
Current low oil prices are a bad thing
The word "drunk" anoints drinking with undue prestige, and is simply a euphemism for being high on alcohol
The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms is a crappy rights document.
Installing the Arc Reactor in Tony Stark was more invasive than removing the shrapnel.
Testing is NOT and adequate gage of intellectual abilities, no matter the subject.
Face off: Posting pictures of people minding their business is no better than paparazzi behavior.
In the event of a criminal allegation, both the victims and the accused should be protected from the media.
Most posts to CMV are a bid to be heard, not a request to "change my view"
If a woman doesn't change her last name when she gets married (in the U.S.), that doesn't necessarily mean she made "the choice" not to change her name.
Field moves in the Pokémon games serve no purpose and should be replaced
I believe Greek Life should be banned from Universities
College Football is much more enjoyable and engaging than the NFL
I believe the newly appointed Surgeon General should focus on more important health issues than gun violence if he actually desires to make American's live healthier, longer lives.
I'm a cynic and there is no hope for mankind, and we deserve it
There is nothing wrong with being labeled an opportunist.
Steroids should be illegal since they are dangerous to people.
"Cap on top" shampoo, etc., is a worse design than "cap on bottom"
Debt forgiveness is one of the stupidest ideas ever conceived
Displaying excessive nudity in the locker room is a violation of the social contract.
I don't think it should be illegal to be nude in public.
"Female Privilege" exists.
The NFL Should Change It's Playoff Format
Native Indian and Native American are equally disrespectful
I believe all relationships - platonic and romantic - should be openly transactional. CMV.
We need to develop more respect for statements made "off the record."
The "Blood in the Streets" argument against concealed carry hurts its proponents more than it helps their cause
I see nothing wrong with "swear words," even if said by children.
I believe the cops in MOST situations have the right to use excessive force if the aggressor is resisting and being aggressive.
I think the flu vaccine in particular is a money grab by pharmacies, and the flu is fear mongered to make this money.
The phrase "No Justice, No Peace" should not be used at peaceful protests.
The Thundercats title sequence is the best TV intro of all time.
I believe that Feminism has driven men away, and that men have every right to dislike the movement.
I believe that the U.S should regulate the profits of drug and medical device manufacturers.
I don't think news channels outside the Australia should have covered the hostage crisis as an all day breaking news.
I think people shouldn't ask their friends to sponsor them for charity challenge events
I think the last three years in Sweden have turned me racist.
That pre-orders and season passes are leading to poorer quality games
I cannot enjoy anything knowing that all things come to an end.
The idea of a tv show like "Black-ish" is a great idea
Culture of a country should not come in the way of individual freedom.
Police officers should wear audio and visual recording devices.
UN Peacekeepers should not have the power to engage in offensive operations
I believe US politics will shift largely to the left in upcoming decades, mainly due to baby boomers.
I don't believe I should take my friends' new genders seriously.
I think people should be banned from drinking alcohol at any time if they have been violent towards anyone or vandalised any property for an indefinite amount of time.
Left-wing euphemisms are laughable, and make the speaker appear stupid or untrustworthy
Alcohol should be legally required to show calories on the packaging
I think our society has reached a point where religion is no longer necessary and brings nothing but problems.
I believe putting any stock into whether or not a person likes animals is silly ("You can tell a lot about a person from their relationship with animals")
Requesting a person to have any sort of 4 year degree for a job is pointless
Intelligence is fixed at birth and there is no point in studying hard in high school to get good grades
Police brutality/corruption has not increased, and isn't as big of an issue as it's being made out to be
I believe that cookie and popcorn sales have fundamentally altered the mission and quality of the Scouting programs in America.
CMV on this current system; The System that governs us all (both economically and physically) which also controls us is going to fail soon . can't we create new more superior more widely relatable System that appeals to everyone and anyone
I believe that Wilt Chamberlain is the greatest athlete in history.
There isn't a good argument for our current consumption of meat.
It is impossible to be single and happy (if you desire to ultimately be in a relationship)
It is okay for parents to want to shield their young children from graphic or explicit sexual content.
[Mod Post] Revision to Rule A
Retail and food service employees complain too much on reddit about jobs that aren't that hard.
Companies requiring credit card information for free trials that don't get canceled after the trial, don't have a genuine sustainable product.
Jonathan Pollard should not have gotten such a large sentence for spying for an allied country.
Posting about celebrity birthdays on reddit or other websites is counter-productive to the development of these fans.
caffeine content of beverages should have to clearly displayed on the front of the bottle like alcohol content on beer, wine, and spirits.
The lack of qualification should not imply that one is unfit for the task at hand.
I believe short barrel rifles, suppressors, and machine guns should be deregulated.
That positions high up in government should pay less in order to attract people who genuinely have good intentions.
I do not vote
The notion that so-called crisis actors have exploited events like the Boston bombings (in order to profit from public donations) is a "fringe" conspiracy theory. However, if it is ever proven that such individuals do exist they should face the death penalty.
The Mentally Ill should not be able to receive the death penalty.
In university, developing social skills and networking is more important than the actual course material
Protests for Ferguson and Akai Gurley only make racism worse
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, December 06, 2014 - Friday, December 12, 2014
Hard work doesn't matter
Physical Beauty is a Product of Biology, Not Culture or Society
People are all selfish. In one form or another every action that constitutes kindness or goodness is linked to a selfish gain.
Being an average person is not the same as being a good person, and good people don't commit atrocities.
The Democratic Party would do well to drop "Reinstating the Assault Weapons Ban" as part of their goals
Buying / breeding pedigree dogs is antiquated and harmful.
I don't believe film studios are in the wrong for trying to fight online piracy of their movies.
That people who opt out of being an organ donor on their drivers licence should not be eligible to receive organs, or at least put at the 'bottom of the list'.
Yahoo news is a complete and total theiving ripoff
I believe being a professional artist or musician is a non productive and selfish career choice which doesn't contribute to society.
Guns laws should be based on situation or premise
One cannot be patriotic and a true Christian, or a true follower of any of the Abraham religions for that matter.
The majority of college-bound students should start out in community colleges
A Government Needs to Have an Unelected Chamber(House) of Parliament
I think Ubuntu is the best Linux distribution for a user that doesn't need a specialized workstation experience or server.
I believe something way bigger than the internet will come along within the next few decades to make everything about our life and culture irrelevant
I believe that it's time for a Presidential Committee for the US.
I believe that publishing emails from Sony Execs is just as much a violation of privacy as the Celebrity Photo Leak
It should be illegal for an institution (i.e. an employer or school) to require a doctor's note for short-term absence.
People would be far more outraged by the interrogation tactics listed in the U.S. Senate's CIA torture report if the detainees were women.
People who back their car into parking spaces (so the front is facing out) waste their own time and the time of anyone trying to get around them. It is an unfathomable stupid act.
I think that some black people who use the N word are subconsciously racist.
The fact my friend got cuddled while he was asleep (without his direct consent) is not a big deal.
I believe that Tinder, Okcupid and other online dating services have had a profoundly negative influence on American dating habits, expectations and experiences with healthy relationships
Serpentine (or snake) drafts in fantasy sports are superior to standard drafts.
There is no reason that the minimum wage should reflect productivity, if productivity gains result from better technology.
I believe that elected officials should not have full control of government policy making.
Fresh Topic Friday - 12/12/14
Most programmers are horrible at cooperation and having intelligent discussions regarding their work. It then follows that their ability to do any serious intellectual work is seriously inhibited. There are a few who are good at this, and they tend very strongly to be the best.
The world is constantly at war, a war for a homogeneous human race, an end to what makes us different.
I do not believe the Confederation Flag is racist
I believe that it's weird and not possible to be strictly platonic with an ex-boyfriend/ex-girlfriend.
The vast majority of proposed police reform, this sub reddit included would not result in a net positive for effective justice, only nuanced situational justice.
If you knowingly wrongly accuse someone of a crime, you should be exposed to the same minimum and maximum sentence the accused would have been exposed to.
I don't see how the James Bond movies are sexist
The gambling age should be 16. (U.S.A.)
I think that all the people complaining about the Pirate Bay going down are whiny and selfish.
The summer Olympics are by far better and more interesting than the winter Olympics.
A direct online democracy where people vote on issues instead of candidates would be better than always having to vote for the less bad of 2 candidates.
I believe that the ban on men who have sex with men from donating blood is justified, and is not a form of discrimination.
"Everyone is entitled to their opinion" is a dangerous phrase that allowed American society get to the disappointing state that it is currently in.
It's possible to be too angry about social injustices.
'Soccer' would be popular in the United States if everyone stopped debating whether or not it could be popular in the United States
The latest incident in the Cosby rape case is dangerous for all men
I'm glad that Pirate Bay was brought down. I see no moral justification for piracy of modern movies and games.
Campus rape response policies inevitably throw some people under the bus.
Whenever a violent criminal (burglar, thief, murderer) dies, even if the circumstances surrounding his death are shady (police brutality, vigilantism, etcetera), society didn't lose anything of value and might have even gained from the event.
The grand jury in the Tamir Rice case will be pressured to indict
The pride brought along with joining your nation's army and "fighting for your country" is an institutionalized sense of superiority that has been around for millennium as a result of government's making it seem like an amazing thing to do so.
I think most police killing scandals in the USA could be avoided if officers where instructed to shoot for the legs when in apparent danger, rather than shoot to kill.
Little Mac and Lucina shouldn't have been included in Super Smash Bros 4, and Toad should have been included.
No one should ever have to pay to view their credit score, and the current system falls under racketeering (US)
Love should not be expected to be limited to one person.
I think Wikipedia should sell ads as it would greatly benefit both Wikipedia and the advertisers.
The term 'rape survivor' attempts to upgrade an albeit horrible act to a life-threatening one, and should therefore not be used.
The term "progressive" is condescending to opposition
Piracy is not wrong.
if its okay to eat animals its ok to eat severely mentally disabled people.
I don't want to go to college.
Please dissuade me of my horrible misogyny before I do something drastic! I had a male upbringing and it makes who I am invalid. I just want to die.
I think Microsoft's hybrid approach (Surface Pro 3) will win over Apple's "one device per need" (e.g. iPad+MacBook Air or Pro) approach.
America will eventually allow bankruptcy for student loans.
I believe climate change exists, but it isn't threatening.
All rights and obligations are either natural or rooted in natural rights and obligations.
Selling surplus military equipment to local police forces is not a problem.
Fine Arts credits should not be required to graduate high school.
Male persons should have the right to decide against a child without consequences.
The police behaved appropriately when restraining and arresting Eric Garner
It is the nature of intelligent life to destroy itself.
Suicide is not a selfish act.
I believe that racism will only end once we stop talking about race.
Obama has been a great president.
If cloning technology can be refined, there is nothing wrong with human cloning in particular.
As practiced today, the safety risks of funeral processions through urban areas present more risks than benefits and should be discontinued or reformed.
Saving suicide victims, is harmful as it negates society from confronting the reasons that person was driver towards suicide in the first place.
"Love" can replicated if we can provide the same conditions, or at least to a degree similar enough.
Being gay is closely related to, if not the same as being a pedophile.
Napoleon was not a great leader.
With Better Marketing, The Chevy Volt Would be the Most Popular Car in America
Refusing to presumptively believe an accuser of rape (or any other crime) is a) NOT equivalent to presumptively disbelieving her and b) the proper course to take in the absence of further evidence.
I think the manga Fairy Tail is poorly written, relies far too heavily on Deus Ex Machina, and the heroes are literally invincible.
I think false rape claims are much more prevalent than the 2% rate that is commonly cited.
I'd rather have freeloaders than thiefs/thugs.
Election results should be normalized by voter demographics
I think it is immoral for a transgender person to pursue anyone romantically without first disclosing their previous condition.
There is nothing productive about 'Die-in' protests and the like, which inconvenience normal people and don't seem to address the issue.
I think reddit is an excellent website with lots of high quality content.
You can't be 100 and be an orphan.
I believe far-right ideologies are a tumor on humanity, and should have been eradicated after World War 2.
I believe logical time paradoxes as portrayed in movies and thought experiments are irrelevant.
No One Should Feel Offended by Christmas
Recreational use of marihuana is as bad as tobacco, and worse than alcohol
Musicians from Middle School-College Age get less Acclaim now than in Previous Generations
Humans have a big problem with naming types of people
Using the term "Social Justice Warrior" as a pejorative hurts social progress and equality.
I believe experience in actual governing should be a requirement for running for presidency.
Insulting someone when I was offering hugs
Power doesn't corrupt people.
With the emergence of the Internet, self-learning is much more superior than traditional school.
I think rape and molestation aren't that big of a deal if the victim isn't [badly] physically harmed.
Due to biological, physiological, and mental restrictions placed on all known living things on Earth, God does not and cannot exist
Ferguson isn't an isolated incident; it's just America showing its true colors.
I believe the US party system has devolved into an "us vs them" mentality between the two major parties and prohibits any progress from being made in society.
While the act of suicide isn't evil the unintentional consequences on others is
The ruling in Citizens United is preferable to the alternative.
The international community should prioritize cooperation with China over Hong Kong's political rights.
Organized religion is a sham and should be disbanded
CMV I think circumcision should remain legal in the US.
Quebec is the glue that keeps North America together
Work, in the sense we use the term in the US to refer to a job, is nonsensical at best and a scam at worst.
I believe people should be open to changing their minds when presented with an argument more reasonable/logical/rational than their own
I think anyone receiving govt. benefits should be drug tested.
Countries should have no right to enforce mandatory voter registration
There's no such things as paranormal creatures or events or intelligent life (at least close to Earth) thus we're essentially alone in the universe.
The US should stop funding novel scientific research.
The American custom in which people leave their parents' homes after high school or college is wrong and inferior
Radical feminism is a conservative version of feminism.
Eating meat is not alright.
If gun control supporters were trying to reduce deaths, they would go after tobacco and alcohol instead.
All lives are of net negative value.
Social Sciences are not (very) Empirical
If I could take a pill to get rid of my sex drive, I would do it.
Trix cereal is not only for kids and the rabbit - named Tricks - should not be denied the right to eat it.
Star Wars: The Force Awakens is just a money grab, among other things.
American teachers need to drop everything and walk to restore their rights as workers. Not doing so hurts education in the long run.
I find John Green's books mildly pretentious, repetitive, and not necessarily worth the amount of recognition they get.
I'm severely depressed but scared of taking antidepressants.
The NCAA College Football playoff is a good idea poorly executed.
Aang is to blame for the failure of the Day of Black Son invasion
Prostitution should be legalized in the United States.
We should not “believe” “victims”, that leads to summary retribution, not justice
Institutions exhibit goal-directed behavior independent of individual humans.
Darth Vader is beyond redemption.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, November 29, 2014 - Friday, December 05, 2014
In the phrase "White Privilege" and other, similar phrases and contexts, the word "Privilege" is generally incorrect, and should be replaced.
Equality is a necessary component of interaction if humans continue to use economics as the basis for social empathy.
It is not immoral to be ''the other person'' with whom somebody in a relationship cheats.
Police in America are Classist, Not Racist.
I think other people should respect other people's friendships, even if the friend isn't perfect.
Free speech should be banned to all political ideologies that pretend to abolish free speech.
Calling someone a retard isn't offensive and shouldn't be seen as offensive.
Reddit should ban subreddits and users that promote hate speech.
I believe prejudice against southerners in the U.S. is mean and should not be tolerated.
Artists like Taylor Swift and One Direction who produce catchy songs with superficial lyrics are unoriginal.
As human beings we have a bias towards racism, regardless of environmental factors, and the only way humans can 'overcome' racial biases is to acknowledge them.
I think people with tattoos are either irrational, unintelligent or rebellious; i.e. "bad" people
I think the prolife movement should stop trying to pull heart strings and focus on the fact that the vast majority of abortions are done merely out of convenience
Credit rating agencies are useless and harmful
We only see in 2D.
As nobody who frequently visits my house has a peanut allergy, it is not my responsibility to avoid cross-contaminating foods.
I think space travel is something we should be investing in more.
I am from the UK and should move to the US if I want to start a business.
The primary function of any society is the ability, by alliances or force of arms, to defend it's territory.
If anyones life has meaning, then everyones life has meaning.
I believe that #ICan'tBreathe is in bad taste and shouldn't be used by media outlets like HLN.
Homeschooling provides a better learning and social experience than most schools.
Employers should not be in the business of providing insurance (health / dental / vision / etc).
Mark Udall should read the torture report into the Senate record.
I don't think quitting addictions is as hard as people say.
No lawful profession is morally wrong.
We already live in an Anarcho-Capitalist, voluntary society.
The Orion program is a waste of money.
I believe civilians should be allowed to resist arrest
Fresh Topic Friday - 12/05/14
I don't think the media should publish images of fatal traffic collisions.
Reddit has a serious problem with regard to the censorship of unpopular ideas and has become an echo chamber.
Doing your best is meaningless.
Not caring about what other's think and doing whatever you want is the best way to live
The need for "thought experiments" is inversely proportional to an argument's strength when the need for a "thought experiment" is not necessary.
Companies/corporations allowed to investigate and discipline themselves when accused/charged with bad behavior is a blatant conflict of interest and should never be allowed.
The military is wrong because it's an organisation that lets innocent people get in the way of deadly weapons, and maintains extremely destructive weapons that could effect huge portions of the world.
This is the Final Holiday Season for Sears
Abortion is not merely a question of a woman's right to personal agency over her own body. There is an argument that it constitutes an instance of homicide. (Very internally conflicted about this, fully expect to see a good counter argument, and indeed would welcome it).
The Big Bang Theory is bad because they're making fun of Sheldon Cooper's autism.
There is a huge problem with the police right now and the justice system needs a serious overhaul.
It's unfair to complain that a spouse or SO works too much
The United States has a weird legal system that does not contribute to and actively works against determining the guilt or innocence of a person.
Jim should have lost his virginity to Nadya in American Pie.
The Eric Garner case shows a major problem in our justice system, and shows that we need a major overhaul of how we choose to indite.
I see religious or "divine" experience as one of the brain's most potent weapons, and that people don't know how to take advantage of it without sacrificing some sense of scientific literacy or trust.
there is nothing wrong with desensitizing violence, so long as you know that it it fundamentally wrong
The right to be forgotten should not be a civil right
There are no paradoxes, only false premises.
I believe every conscious and deliberate decision an individual can possibly make has to be the one which they perceive the best outcome from in terms of net-happiness.
AnCap-style free market security and legal systems would produce worse outcomes.
We should not have as much freewill as we do
We have no control over our choices or the direction of our lives.
If I cannot purchase media, pirating it benefits the publisher
I think it makes sense to believe in microevolution and not macroevolution.
In the "trolley problem," choosing to pull the lever is the only defensible choice.
Using "you" in a highschool/college essay should be allow and helps tie the reader into the story.
I think that the judges on Masterchef US often make decisions not entirely based on the skill of the participants. (Spoilers)
You shouldn't tell someone they are beautiful when they clearly are not.
I think I believe in a gender binary.
English is the frontrunner for the international language and the world would be a better place if everyone learned to speak it.
CMV Those who complain about the USA calling itself America shouldn't.
Expecting your partner to change their last name to yours after marriage is extremely disrespectful
People under 16 shouldn't be charged as adults after committing a crime
Sizeism isn't a thing. You are just fat and need to go to the gym.
It is in the best interest of internet feminists to make fake accounts to threaten people like Zoe Quinn and Anita Sarkeesian
I believe the police should be divided into two forces, a patrol force equipped with non-lethal weaponry, and a response force equipped with lethal weaponry.
CMV : Robots [Insentient] will, over time, be beneficial for the human race
AI will not be an existential threat to humanity for many decades.
Bolvar Fordragon is a terrible Hearthstone legendary card and probably won't see much play
The Police system is corrupt.
The song "baby it's cold outside" is about rape
The appointing of Judge Sotomayor was not beneficial for anyone because of previous decisions she'd made
I want to move very far away for college while my parents want me to stay local/in-state.
The European Union (and perhaps also the UN)'s current stance on gender issues unfairly neglects men and favours women
there don't need to be hundreds of gender and sexuality names
Fear is a status symbol in contemporary society.
Sex should only be between two people that are deeply in love that have been together long enough to know each other very well.
There is no way to justify eating meat, dairy, or eggs.
If we have the power to do so, we should uplift all animals to evolve and become as intelligent as we are because it would be the right thing to do.
I think transgenderism is a mental health disorder and should be treated as such
America should get rid of the Grand Jury system
Laws Prohibiting Employment Of Individuals Under 15/16 Are Outdated, and Based on Old Problems
The "North Korean Hollywood Hack" is a calculated marketing strategy by Sony Pictures
I believe that "aromantic" is not a genuine orientation and aromantic people need therapy.
Glorifying Plus-Sized Anything is Wrong.
Nintendo's "innovative" controller design for Wii and Wii U were ultimately horrible ideas
The college football industry is many times worse than the porn industry.
Climate change is going to render our planet unlivable for humans within the next 50-100 years. I therefore cannot justify bringing a child into the world.
If there is no God then life is meaningless. And if life is meaningless then it would be perfectly logical to commit suicide if life isn't what one wishes for it to be.
age 40+ should not be a protected class, and if anything young people should be protected
Reddit's typical "so edgy" response to criticism of religion isn't a rebuttal, and should be viewed as an admission of the validity of the criticism.
The punishment that Janay Rice is going through due to her husband's suspension is causing more pain and emotional turmoil than the physical violence inflicted on her by her husband in the elevator
I think that it doesn't matter whether you graduate top of your class, or bottom, so long as you graduate.
Police should always shoot second
It is more difficult to be male in the United States than to be female.
I believe I've read all the good books already, every single new stuff I read is mostly crap.
It is hypocritical to be both pro-gun and staunchly pro-life.
I believe that the invididuals/groups who are comparing the Ferguson rioters to MLK are agenda driven douche bags. They are creating misinformation which ultimately detracts from those who actually engaged in civil disobedience.
When referring to video games, numbers for health/damage should always be smaller and bigger doesn't make me feel any stronger.
The "anti-vaxxer" circlejerk is one of the most obnoxious and overblown on Reddit.
I believe that when it comes to education and career choices, earning potential should be the biggest, if not only, concern.
Foreign intervention (military or sanctions) backfires so often that it is useless.
Cowboy Bebop is good, but not great. It does not deserve to be acknowledged as one of the greatest anime shows.
I am going to happily marry a man 20 years older than me and I know it will last.
There is nothing wrong with using a 6-10 range to rate video games.
I think Patriotism is taking credit for someone else's achievements
I think tax avoidance by corporations is admirable, and you should avoid as much tax as possible.
Inventing an infallible lie detector would do more to solve issues relating to human behaviour (e.g. crimes) than any other single development.
When trying to understand behavior, it's always preferable to look for an explanation other than 'laziness'
Affirmative action should be based on socioeconomic status rather than race.
I have no reason to be excited by the new Star Wars film.
Eating dogs and cats is completely acceptable
I think that morals and ethics (or simply put: ideas of right and wrong held by individuals or groups of individuals) are defined by culture and are not strictly objective.
There is nothing wrong with parents setting conditions on paying for their child's college.
I think Shia Labouf's claim of "rape" is offensive to rape victims everywhere
I believe society should treat all relationships equally, especially unconventional ones, including polygamy, incest, pedophilia, hebephilia, and bestiality.
I think coder dojo etc are a terrible idea
Actually identifying oneself with any other "social group" than "humanity" eventually leads to negative feelings towards other social groups, and even hate.
i think the recent choice of OPEC (mostly suadi arabia) to not reduce oil production is a good thing in many ways
Lovecraft's philosophy of Cosmicism is perhaps the best explanation of our existence on this small planet
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, November 22, 2014 - Friday, November 28, 2014
College history courses have no place as a required course in most major curriculum.
Financed ownership and tenancy are virtually the same.
Invented traditions are legitimate and potentially constructive.
4K TV is largely a useless technological advancement that's not even close to being ready for widespread adoption by AV geeks and certainly not the average consumer
I believe that the correct pronunciation of a location (city, town, state, country, etc.) is independent of the the local pronunciation.
Fossil fuels have done vastly more good than harm for Humanity, and while the future harm may be daunting we can face it with technological strength because hydrocarbons saved us from nasty, brutish, short lives.
I have no responsibility to "do anything" or "say anything" in response to the Ferguson controversy.
Americans don't actually like turkey on Thanksgiving, but eat it out of tradition.
I think that the number lock key should be on by default.
For the majority of people, showering in the morning is superior to showering in the evening.
I believe in God, but I don't believe that God loves or cares about us.
Bitcoin isn't for the layman
Renting a person is morally equivalent to buying a person. Employment is slavery.
Developing new games is worthless (hear me out)
The most powerful sorcerer in all of fiction is Samantha from Bewitched.
There is nothing wrong with a non-obese guy dating an obese woman, and people who think otherwise are bigots
I believe that referring, in a single work, to centuries as both the "1800s" and the "19th Century" is confusing and should be discouraged.
The British NHS should not be described as “universal” because only rich and persistent people can access its services
Drinking beer out of a bottle is superior to drinking out of a can.
If I amass considerable wealth during my lifetime, I don't believe in leaving anything to my descendants.
Knowledge is impossible
Order is just something that is psychologically satisfying and doesn't truly exist.
Collegiate players should not play on Thanksgiving
Practicing absolute pacifism is immoral
Retail employees who have to work Black Friday (or Thanksgiving) shouldn't be complaining
The only arguements against gay marriage are based in theological premises, and there is no secular arguement against gay marriage
Fresh Topic Friday - 11/28/14
Declawing a house cat is not inhumane.
Think that the Ferguson jury made the right call based on the evidence provided.
The AR15 style rifle has little purpose for the average American, other than for fun.
I believe that a man's medical insurance should cover Plan B/birth control/abortion.
"The truth is always/usually somewhere between the two sides" is a false and irresponsible generalization.
Reasons for being monogamous are just a list of character flaws.
Using italics in an internet discussion forum signals condescension, and is a really rude way to reply to someone
Israel is as legitimate as Poland
The United States picked a better day for Thanksgiving than Canada did.
(Philosophical) Potential Consequentialism
(2014 - 1865 =) 149 years of 'not slavery' does not erase (1865 - 1620 =) 245 years of slavery.
I don't think it matters whether the Grand Jury thinks Darren Wilson is guilty, he should have been indicted anyway.
The "Harry Potter" books make absolutely no sense if we are supposed to believe that the magic world where they are set exists within our own, real world.
People who judge books based off of the author are morons/ignorant/bad readers
Reddit has been primarily racist in regards to what is happening in Ferguson (repost as I broke rule E, hope this is okay!)
I think police trying to suppress evidence of their misconduct should be executed or sentenced to life without parole.
If all a modern art piece does is make you question whether it's art, it's terrible.
I think anger and rage is a character flaw. It has no purpose for interpersonal or societal interactions.
The current guidelines for naming asteroids are crude and woefully inadequate.
Although I agree with and want to see the end goals of feminism, I feel that many contemporary feminists have adopted a McCarthy-style mindset. This has turned the movement into a dirty word.
Not all drugs should be legal.
The new trend to yell "F*** Her right in the p****" on live TV. Should be looked down upon.
Police discretion is a bad thing.
Its perfectly legitimate to choose not to vote
Jurassic Park 3 was bad and there is no reason to think the 4th one (Jurassic World) will be any better.
"Karma Whoring" is a non-issue encouraged by Reddit's own Up-Vote System
In the western world the opportunity to succeed is available to anyone. People who argue against that are just making excuses for their own failure.
I don't believe cheating is ethically wrong or right. It's just sex.
people like al sharpton, Facebook SJWs and the media love to rally around cases where they know they are wrong- because their goal is not justice, it's attention for themselves.
Basic mental healthcare is far too expensive.
Rating systems need to give more weight to helpful or most-agreed-with reviews
Blacks play the race card way too often.
If you don't have healthcare, the self-diagnosis of mental health problems is acceptable for the purposes of understanding and caring for yourself.
Bob McCulloch, for several reasons, was not fit to lead the prosecution in the Darren Wilson case.
I believe that there is nothing that happens after death, that the previous statement sucks, and that technology won't help us out of it.
Capital Gains Tax Breaks Disproportionately Benefit the Wealthy, Further Perpetuating Wealth Inequality
Triangles are superior to squares
Belief in an idea should solely depend on your ability to debate it. Failure to debate an idea should result in you automatically accepting the counter argument.
I think The Red Pill is basically a Religon
Police should be required to use dash cameras and wear body cameras at all times.
I believe it is a cop out to pull the race card on something as complex and unknown as the Ferguson incident.
Multiculturalism is impossible due to flaws in human nature.
The media should only be allowed to report proven facts in the middle of a trial or investigation dealing with murder or other serious crimes
/r/redditarmie should be banned for the continuous raiding and vote-manipulation of YouTube comments.
In countries run by democracy people can never blame the government for any action or lack of action that eventually leads to undesired outcomes.
Prisons/jails should serve as a rehabilitation institute rather than a punishment facility.
I believe that Darren Wilson is likely to have killed Mike Brown in what he reasonably believed was self-defense from imminent danger.
Girls and guys can't be BEST friends
The Disney short film Feast disgusts me
point shaving on college sports should not be a crime for student athletes as in the Boston College scandal.
If you regularly spend money on cigarettes, alcohol, or other types of drugs while you are financially struggling, you are an irresponsible person.
I do not think anyone should ever agree to taking a breathalyzer test.
Heavy marijuana smokers are a pain to anyone who deals with them in a day to day basis.
Canada should not increase the corporate tax rate, but should instead increase sales taxes and individual income taxes for wealthy individuals
Actors, Musicians and Artists are ridiculously overpaid and overvalued. Professional athletes, however, are not.
From an individual standpoint, human life is pointless.
If you don't think Americans should celebrate Columbus Day, you're hypocritical if you celebrate Thanksgiving.
I believe that our legal system is built on a capitalistic model which removes the fairness factor.
The droids from Star Wars deserve to be released from forced servitude.
C is the worst letter in English.
Praying away illness in lieu of modern medicine is child abuse, and should be a crime.
There is nothing wrong with telling kids that Santa exists.
Americans should be more accepting of British pronunciation
Mulaney is a good tv show that had a terrible pilot, and if people didn't have such a bad first impression, it would have better ratings.
The Wolfgang Puck Pressure Oven is similar to an unpressurized roaster oven.
Gender (not sex) is a social construct equivalent to religion, and I don't believe in it. Transgender-people who undergo reassignment surgeries go against the belief that "sex =\= gender"
I support the Death Penalty.
The Libertarian view is contradictory
I think 'open' relationships are for commitment phobes waiting for something better to come along that don't want to be alone in the interim.
There ought to be strict minimum sentencing guidelines for police who are convicted of crimes.
If you're talented with STEM, you're much more likely to be happy.
Stripped to their essentials, patriotism and morals are worthless. They can also be harmful. Humans are better off not existing.
Paper documents are too easy to forge and should not be legally valid
I believe that driving while using cellphones is indisputably a bad idea.
Hunting is only ethical if done out of necessity
Reposts of popular topics (even if they are karmawhoring) are a good thing for reddit
I think debate surrounding Islamic fundamentalism (as an ideology) should be encouraged and laws brought in to censor it will only encourage it to spread
The downvote button is pointless, and should be removed from Reddit.
George Lucas getting credit for the Original Trilogy's success is dubious and unfair to the talent he surrounded himself with to make it happen
Even though same sex couples can marry, I don't want to get married ever
Contestants on talent-based competitive programs often show a remarkable lack of consistency which calls their actual level of talent into doubt.
Human civilization reached a high point during the Enlightenment, and has been on the decline ever since.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, November 15, 2014 - Friday, November 21, 2014
2nd chance programs like GEDs and alternative schools hurt the people who actually did the work and graduated high school.
If you're male, you have to be in the top 20% of attractiveness or else online dating is a waste of time
There is absolutely nothing insulting about being interested in someone only for sex
There is no good reason to have children "of your own".
The axiom that "you need to be happy with yourself to be happy in a relationship" is questionable
I believe we should LEAVE BILL COSBY ALONE!
Malcolm in the middle is the best Family centered show to ever air.
Men should be upfront and straightforward with their intentions when they cold approach women who they find attractive.
Subjects such as gender studies and pedagogics are stalling in terms of new discoveries because of dismissing empirical evidence.
If a person is triggered by something, they have a moral obligation to themselves to make a devoted effort to overcome it/desensitize themselves.
ESP and "the sixth sense" is complete hogwash.
I feel like politicians, elected officials, and law enforcement personnel who are proven to have used their ability or influence to the detriment of society should be executed if it can be proven that they knowingly caused substantial harm to a large group of people.
It should be against the law to describe something as "free" if a purchase is required to obtain it
Western culture is characterized by willful ignorance
Encouraging young people to pursue the skilled trades is generally bad advice.
A characteristic of a sophisticated justice system is that it be as "outcome-independent" as possible
The rollout of Material Design in Android 5.0 Lollipop by Google was, on a whole, a failure, and Google aren't trying to fix it.
"#Thanksmichelleobama" Is a decently good indicator that obesity is more of an economic issue than a social one.
Anything sold in a jar should be sold in a wide-mouth mason jar
My anger about the AP Lang quizzes I have recently taken is justified.
Universities That Accept Public Money Should Be Required To Follow Constitutional Amendments
I believe the Shanesha Taylor story demonstrates not so much that some people *deserve* to be poor, but rather that some people *cannot help* but be poor.
That size doesn't matter. That a guy with a small penis will never be as good in bed than a guy with an average sized or hung penis and that the stigma of a small penis makes it even worse.
Bicyclists should be licensed.
Financial privacy is a basic human right
The Selective Service Act and Military Recruitment in High Schools is Fundamentally Wrong
Tropical governments have disproportionately higher amounts of corruption than non-tropical governments.
domestic assaults are less serious than an assault between strangers because the crime is against a person instead of society
"Peanuts" Is An Overrated Comic Strip
It is perfectly acceptable to put up Christmas decorations and listen to Christmas music before Thanksgiving.
I genuinely believe black people ruined Detroit and other major US cities.
we are enabling poor people to be poor by giving them money
The world would be better off without the beliefs of gods.
Anyone who lives on a native reservation should not get welfare from the American government.
Executive Orders, exacting sweeping reform, such as the one issued by POTUS today, are unethical and should be illegal.
I generally support Obama's executive action on Immigration.
I do not believe that it is wrong for an adult to have sexual intercourse with a minor.
We should reinstitute the Fairness Doctrine, or pass something like it.
I Believe It's Better To Tell 75 People That They're Losing Their Jobs Now, Before The Holidays.
Legislators should have to vote in secrecy.
Younger American Generations are better aware of the political climate than older people.
The idea that land can belong to a nation implicitly accepts the right of conquest.
Movie studios are making a significant mistake in only providing limited top line content to streaming services like Netfix
I don't think "getting the word out" really does shit and that ultimately a few players at the top have any real consequential influence on most things.
US Illegal immigrants are not citizens and therefore should not be allowed protection under the US constitution or bill of rights.
I feel that the word "society" is too frequently and improperly used, and its use should therefore be avoided.
I don't believe we should tolerate racist or sexist beliefs from the elderly any more than we should from younger generations.
Harshly criticizing your competitor by name would make for quality advertising.
crying, pouting, and tantrums are emotional blackmail when done by adults
Global warming is undeniably happening and is generally beneficial
I believe society causes more trauma for rape victims
There's no argument against the Keystone XL Pipeline besides Imminent Domain being used to build it.
Piracy is a form of civil disobedience against unjust copyright laws.
I believe that "coding bootcamps" are detrimental to the software industry, and detrimental to the people who use them
The new "normal" Barbie makes me respect adult women less.
when someone sues the government, the case should not go to a public/government court because that's a conflict of interest
China will not become a global hegemon
Near death experience reports provide a reasonable evidence for the belief in afterlife.
Some atheists (contrary to what they like to believe ) are bad for science by alienating a huge number of people from it.
I have the right from birth to not participate or be beholden to any social/national/economic/legal structure AND the right to realistically act on that
The United States of America has and will keep purposefully waging war against terrorist organizations abroad against in order to bolster its massive war industry.
I think of religious people as being incompetent, undeveloped, uneducated and naive human beings, change my view!
I believe our civilization is going to collapse in the next 50 years due to resource exhaustion
Calling an Iranian "Arab" should be categorized as hate crime
I believe that affirmative action is an unnecessary, racist towards Asians, and just a result of Blacks/Hispanics/guilty Whites in positions of power. Finally, it doesn't improve the black condition.
There is no such thing as "Ethical Consumerism"
The Double-Decker Couch is a terrible idea
Strip club patrons should feel no obligation to tip the strippers.
Muslim immigration is not an existential threat to Western civilization or Western values, and the narrative of a coming 'Eurabia' is a myth propagated by willfully ignorant extremists
Traffic lights and four way stops are objectively inferior to roundabouts.
I don't sympathize with the Native Americans.
Women are inherently repulsed by gentle "nice guys" and are attracted mostly to "alpha" qualities
I believe straight-party voting results should be included in a candidates results
We should not make school children say the pledge in the United States
Cultural Appropriation is not harmful (and it is universal)
In the U.S. the age for adulthood should remain 18 but financial responsibility should remain with the parents until 20.
There should be a permit for couples to have children.
'Democracy' is an facade.
I dont believe being judgemental is wrong
I believe the optimal time to have children (if you choose to have children) is in your late 20s.
There will be war.
My lack of belief in an inherent purpose or goodness in life has driven me to ethical hedonism; however, I believe this to be a good thing personally and would be a good thing if applied to society as a whole.
I believe the future of global society is dark and sinister
Jon Haidt's theory about how disgust/authority/loyalty intuitions determine political views is flawed in its methodology
Relationships are pointless since I can find everything in one elsewhere.
I don't think "fat shaming" is a bad thing.
People and countries should not apologize and be shamed for acts committed generations ago.
It is extremely unlikely I will be "successful" in life without going into a lot of debt.
I should have gone to Space Camp when I was a kid.
I think Reddit should have followed Yishan's suggestion and moved the company to Daly City
Diversity programs within companies are counterproductive
"RadFems" (Radical Feminism) are just an expression of an American tendency in the last 15 years to make everything a shouting match between two opposed sides who aren't really willing to talk.
A minority person shouldn't be friends with a person who belongs to his people's oppressors, nor the other way around
Immigrants who are illegal and/or do not pay taxes, should not get any public service that come from tax money
Waffle House does not actually sell waffles, and they are only trying to deceive you.
If you desire to penetrate your partner anally, you should be willing to be anally penetrated yourself. [NSFW]
It is extremely unlikely I will be "successful" in life without going into a lot of debt.
The "War on Christmas" is actually a war on every winter holiday that is not Christmas.
Legal representation should be available for ANY type of court case.
Men should be allowed to hit women back
Michael Bloomberg is more of a Tech Entrepreneur than Elon Musk
I believe that a regular season followed by play-offs doesn't do justice to the better team.
Mac keyboards are superior to PC keyboards because the cmd (ctrl) keys are located to the immediate right and left of the space bar.
When going into a romantic relationship, you should always act like it has the potential to last forever.
I think everyone should be screened and treated for depression as a matter of routine medical check-ups.
I think Monsanto is actually not a bad company, and would even go so far as to say they are a good one.
I fail to see how Jonathan Gruber's comments surprised anyone
I believe poem_for_your_sprog might be as great a poet of the english language as has ever existed, exceeding Shakespeare in many key measures, because of the Internet.
I cannot even fathom the idea of being proud of just being from a place.
Laws banning hate speech are a pathetic way to avoid hurt feelings and have the potential for great abuse in the long-term.
As a black American, I don't want my slave last name.
The right uses the deficit to win votes by implying that the economy and a household budget are similarly structured.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, November 08, 2014 - Friday, November 14, 2014
I don't think it's wrong for companies to outsource tech jobs to India or other similar countries.
Most professional athletes of physical sports are profesional not because they have more dedication than collegiate and minor league athletes, but because they are genetically inclined.
Conservative is a word that has lost its political meaning in the united states and should no longer be used by anyone to describe political viewpoints.
Trap is objectively bad music
If a woman had worn this shirt, nobody would've cared.
The skill floor on NASCAR is very low.
Ja Rule is The Greatest Rapper Of All Time.
People hesitate to suspect beauty of crime
Cultural relativism is inherently conservative and hostile to progressivism.
Street cleaning in Los Angeles is not a beneficial public service, and considering recent allegations regarding ticketing practices it may even constitute racketeering.
The Bechdell Test has no bearing on the quality of a film.
People who pronounce the '-ing' suffix with a hard 'G' sound uneducated or less intelligent.
The mockery of Kim Kardashian's recent photos prominently display's Reddit's hypocritical views on women, sexuality, and race.
Autism is caused, at least in part, by infant neglect ("Refrigerator Mother" hypothesis)
The idea that FIFA would change locations or that some revolt could\would be staged by teams or a team owner is naive, and not one rational scenario has been proposed.
I hate open letters.
There should be another way to reach the police than by phone
Fresh Topic Friday - 11/14/14
Satire news websites have reached a point where they are as unethical and misleading as click-bait sites.
I think Super Smash Bros now has too many unworthy characters.
I'm wasting four years of my life and thousands of dollars for an education that is subpar to what I could acquire myself and for a piece of paper that is taken for more than it is actually worth.
Having a controversial opinion on Reddit is absolutely pointless and the karma system is the main reason behind this.
I think SWAT teams should be restricted to their original duties of hostage negotiation and interventions in situations deemed to be of extreme danger.
I'm not sure overweight people would be better off losing weight
I love my girlfriend and want to spend the rest of my life with her, but I don't want to marry her
the Mountie on the front page deserved to be fired.
Whether or not the universe is deterministic is irrelevant to the question of libertarian free will.
I believe that in the US, hardcore drug addicts (i.e. meth, heroin) should be forced into rehab and slowly reintegrated into society.
I believe that physical violence should always warrant the use of deadly force against the attacker.
Anything poetry can do, literature can do better.
I don't think 'rape culture' is a useful concept
I am opposed to government-enforced net neutrality
Sweat shops were a great idea
on gun ownership and the necessity to own one.
Corporate taxes should eliminated and offset with higher capital gains taxes
Not only do I believe that money can buy happiness, I believe that if you oppose this, you are offensive and naive.
Hard, gnostic atheism is more defensible than agnosticism for anyone who has examined the evidence.
If left-anarchist modes of production were truly superior, then more people would already be using them.
I want to be disgustingly wealthy and am convinced that is the best thing for me.
Consent to sex is consent to pregnancy (and all of the responsibilities that come with it)
Our calendar system would be better if we didn't use months.
I believe that religion is incompatible with human progress and the human condition in the 21st Century.
Anyone should be able to opt out of Social Security if they want to.
I think voting is waste of time and not in your economic best interest.
It is not noble, heroic or admirable to sacrifice your own well being on another's behalf to such an extent that you martyr yourself for "Love"
I don't believe humans are meant to be monogamous.
I see the government as just another actor in the "free market" and not an outside entity which is somehow different from all other market forces
Primary and Secondary Education Curricula Should be Much More Difficult
Our elections should not state which candidate is of which political party
I think The Theory of Evolution is the best explanation for the diversity of life.
Every statistic used to evaluate quarterbacks in American football is a "team stat" to at least some extent
The best D1 college basketball team would have no chance against the worst NBA team.
If a rule or law is being broken, and no one is negatively affected by it, there should be no attempt to stop it.
I think that the public would understand science a lot better if evolutionary scientists would stop treating their humanistic, God-denying, worldview-based interpretations —as if they were as reliable as the conclusions drawn from the testable, repeatable processes of observational science.
Four-year degrees from lower-ranked/non-ranked schools should be downgraded to associate degrees to reflect their worth in the real world
Veterans Day in the US should be changed to Armistice Day, moved to a different day, or not celebrated at all
Speeding on the highway presents a high risk with few minimal benefits.
Yoko Ono sucks
The concept of "viability" of a fetus does not make sense as a cutoff point for abortion.
I honestly believe that not everybody should be allowed to vote for a governement.(Not what you think)
Restaurant tipping should be based on the performance of the server, not a percentage of the bill.
Howard Zinn's A People's History of the United States is a terrible history book and should not be standard reading for High School or College students.
We should stop hero-worshiping soldiers and admit that their job involves homocide
Changing your profile picture to you in uniform on Veteran's Day is an obvious bid for attention, and should be discouraged.
Civil Asset Forfeiture should be eliminated or severely curtailed.
I should be allowed to ‘pirate’ media for personal use.
There's nothing wrong with surgically altering the genitals of intersex infants
Many Disney movies are racist. Further, they possibly teach children racial stereotypes.
As a straight guy, if a gay guy hits on me, I'll be offended
In terms of providing a decent quality of life, Japan's economy is far better than that of the US, UK, Germany, or Italy.
We should abolish all income taxes and replace them with taxes on natural resources.
People keep dismissing TRP, but it's the best path to take for a man's self-improvement.
I believe if an underage person lies about their age to have sex with somebody, that person shouldn't be guilty of statutory rape.
Grades make education far less effective for learning
Third-world countries and racial disparity in the economy don't exist because white people are evil or oppressive, they exist because of cultural differences.
Transgender fighters like Fallon Fox should not be able to fight opponents who were born as women, as opposed to undergoing a sex change operation.
Saying that soccer is more exciting than American football because it's low scoring is an invalid argument because American football is also low scoring.
ISIS is toast, sooner rather than later..
The United States should offer universal public pre kindergarten
I don't believe eSports will ever become mainstream unless the tournaments start using the contestants real names and start embracing their human element.
I believe women who have sex with underage boys should receive less punishment than men who have sex with underage girls.
I don't believe in Net Neutrality
People that get jailed for committing an illegal act that later became legal should not be released.
It's time to stop hyphenating words because they don't fit in one single line.
Religious people don't need to let gay people get married in their church. However, they shouldn't be allowed to influence their rights for any form of legal marriage outside of that religion.
Open access journals like PLoS have ridiculous publication fees
I don't think capitalism is an inherently exploitative system.
The world and the average person would be better off if we were fewer people on this earth
Taxpayer funded research should be freely available to any citizen upon first publication.
The US already has a "Nordic Model"
I believe marriage is a big mistake
Dragon Ball is cool, but Akira Toryama is a mediocre writer and creator.
Germany loosing the First World War was worse for the world in the long run.
Capitalism will not survive the the next decade.
The First World War was an unnecessary waste of human life which did not achieve anything and actively led to further suffering later on.
I grade assignments, if I can't easily read your writing and find your answer, you shouldn't get credit.
You shouldn't be a friend with people who use connections
I don't think anything is wrong with disliking people based on weaknesses that are easy to overcome
I believe feminism is the advocacy of women's rights on the premise that the sexes are equal, and no more.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, November 01, 2014 - Friday, November 07, 2014
The new Nicki Minaj music video "Only" is glorifying Nazism and Hitler
Social justice needs to undergo a paradigm shift.
Us Americans are constantly being watched by the government.
The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is a waste of taxpayer dollars and conducts practices that should be / are illegal.
Catcalling and Street Harassment should be a ticket-able offense.
I don't want to have children because the world is a bad place.
Professional gaming journalism is becoming obsolete. The whole #gamergate hullabaloo can best be explained in light of this.
Western visitors to Iran or North Korea who do anything that breaks laws deserve to end up in jail and their home governments should make it clear they won't support them.
Using euphemisms to refer fat people and viewing it in a positive light only harms them
I believe that English should be classified as a Creole
I believe that debate is inherently detrimental to an open mindset.
The US should either abolish its military or at least avoid fighting in Africa, Europe, and Asia.
Calling compliments and greetings “harassment” serves nobody
Humans are too selfish to prevent catastrophic climate change
Gender is biological, not socially constructed.
I don't think online should force you to make an over complicated password, and should just limit log-in attempts to prevent brute-forcing.
"The end justifies the means"; i.e. there is no decent argument against consequentialism
Morality comes mostly from Society and Upbringing, but often gets credited to Religion
a "good actor" has more to do with writing, directing and overall production than with a particular actor's skills.
Starcraft II HOTS writing is terrible
I believe Chris Algieri will beat Manny Pacquiao
neuroscience and quantum mechanics, combined with analogies computers shows that free will is likely false.
I believe that those who don't like the major parties should use their vote to raise awareness for a specific issue by voting for a small party that promotes policies agreeable to the voter
Sales tax is far worse for small business than income tax or property tax
Michigan's new abortion insurance opt-out act is less of a "rape insurance" act and more of a "murder license" act.
Nothing is objective, everything conceivable in the world is completely subjective
Free markets are a utopian ideal.
Interstellar was a cash out for the mainstream
Representative Democracy isn't true democracy
My fiance and I should visit his family for the 3rd week in a row.
I wanted to drop my Computer Science major for Business Administration with a concentration in Information Systems...
National Debates (read presidential debates, primary or general) are the same as Beauty Pageants
[Mod Post] We're trending, welcome to the newcomers. Today is Fresh Topic Friday!
Social security numbers (SSN) are not sensitive and their use should be unrestricted.
CMV - I don't really think bathrooms should be separated by gender.
Modern freedoms are ruining relationships
Geoengineering by altering circulation patterns should be the main response to global warming.
From the game’s inception, creatures should have entered the battlefield tapped and should have tapped to block (Magic: The Gathering)
I can't really blame a chunk of Scotland for wanting Independence
The United States is an empire in decline and is on a downward trajectory
Fresh Topic Friday - 11/07/14
University students - It is reasonable for me to dock marks for failures resulting from basic poor organisation
I think the popularization of the term "Street Harassment" and the current discussion around cat-calling may be destructive
I think people who is not voting should be listened as much as the people who voted.
The private sector can do anything that the public sector can do but with more efficiency.
My friend made a Bad Decision to Pursue Law School
Non-existence is better than Existence
I think the effects of smoking are worth the risk. I'm on a two week break from smoking to see if I notice a difference. 5 days in and I'm fine, but I don't see any reason to continue abstaining after two weeks.
The president, all senators and house representatives, governors, mayors, city council members and any other managerial and publicly elected officials should be compensated by donations ONLY.
The academic study of religion is just as important, if not more important, than the academic study of science.
Hard work is not necessarily a virtue.
I think that digital technology is jeopardizing the way we learn and think
The fact that rich people can afford better/more lawyers than poor people is a fundamental miscarriage of justice. In order to combat this problem, each side in a legal battle should be forced to contribute equal money to their own counsel and their opponents counsel.
I believe joining the military is the best way to change your economic fate if you're born into the lower class in America.
I consider women ridiculous for wearing high-heels (the same for men). Why should anyone view high-heels as not insecure, not pathetic or not ridiculous?CMV
Abstaining from voting because you're disillusioned with the choices/system makes you part of the problem, and doesn't make a 'statement'.
The campaigning to discourage shopping on Thanksgiving is not necessarily the morally correct thing to do.
Wherever concealed carry is allowed, it is nonsensical to prohibit open carry
Neither empathy or love are unmitigated goods.
Adding characters to video games that are homosexual just for the sake of having them cheapens the game, and should be insulting to homosexuals in general.
All children should receive instruction in Logic/Critical Thinking as part of their education.
students should not be required to attend a class as long as they are doing well in it
Drinking while pregnant should be illegal
People don't get more conservative as they age, the ideas they find progressive when they were young do
Using "literally" to mean "figuratively" is worse than your average language evolution.
I don't see the point in being patriotic about being from the UK, Its not like I had a choice in the matter
Social conservatism is anti-progress by definition (and therefore bad, for lack of a better word).
Florida's 60% "marjoity" requirement for an amendment to be passed promotes the status quo and takes away power from the people
The common "bending" of traffic laws is stupid, and should not be tolerated.
The cold determinism exhibited in Taylor Swift's "Shake it Off" will do nothing for her dating prospects.
The gridlock in partisan politics is not a bad thing, and is in fact how the system was designed, for very good reasons.
I didn't vote, nor do I intend to, really ever.
I believe torture to be perfectly ok if guilt is established beyond reasonable doubt.
I don't think it would be a good idea to tell my future wife of a certain negative part of my past
College isn't worth the cost.
Institutions of higher learning that are not regionally accredited should be vetted and thoroughly investigated before they can receive federal funding.
There is no justifiable reason for me to get angry about what this driver did.
Religions don't promote violence. Men use religion as a means to promote their own violent ends.
People talk about "ethics in video game journalism" as though it's a widespread epidemic, but there isn't a single incident of this outside of Zoe Quinn
I am unable to understand how or why an intelligent person can believe in Christianity and believe these people must be crazy.
It's perfectly fine to stereotype someone based on a statistical inference EVEN if that statistic is heavily correlated with skin color.
Violent criminals are not to blame for their actions.
If you care about animals, you achieve more by eating the meat of those that were ethically raised, rather than by being a vegetarian.
That a penis smaller than average can ever be satisfying to most women.
Playing Deux Ex: Human Revolution is boring
We would be better off as a society if Oregon's prop 92 (mandatory GMO labeling) were to pass.
It's wrong to justify pirating music based on an artist's monetary income
I believe the coyote should just keep trying to get the road runner in the same way rather than scrapping his plan and starting from scratch after each failure
Not everyone should vote.
Checking a shared bag of candy before reaching in is socially unacceptable.
I don't vote.
shyness doesn't exist
Coins should be placed into hands before notes.
The fundamental idea behind holding conservative political views is flawed.
American television audiences generally do not need adaptations of English speaking shows from other countries.
I believe Super Hexagon is the best way to separate true gamers from casuals
Stereotyping all drug users as losers is the same as stereotyping all video game players as awkward virgins.
The European economic crisis is among the strongest arguments in favor of right-wing economic policies.
The U.S. elections would be no worse if we just opened them up to the highest bidders.
I think you don't need to go to college in order to have a good career and or job
All video games should have playable demos
Homework should be assigned on weekends.
People should stop using the terms "man" and "mankind" to mean all people, and should use "humanity" and "humankind" instead, because "man" is exclusive to women.
I would rather die young that die old dependent on healthcare to get up in the morning
Adoption and fostering are more ethical options than biological parenting given, the environmental concerns we're facing today.
Our current "world leaders" are incapable of the necessary change required to avert climate change.
Prohibiting drugs is a violation of my rights as a politically mature citizen.
There is a big amount of female Pop star hate on reddit
Nothing matters, and nothing is important
Professional media outlets should not report on people being *tested* for Ebola
arguments from morality are flawed from the start
If biological immortality were accomplished, it should be a basic human right.
I'm not very concerned about the consequences of global warming
I believe there is a lot more skill in learning classical guitar compared to learning electric guitar.
Political correctness is just good manners.
That assisted suicide should not be frowned upon, but rather more supportive in helping one's choice.
The concept of an eternal afterlife sounds horrific and if it were real I wouldn't want to go there
Stealing from a department store like Wal-Mart is not immoral.
I think that society and all institutions should be very strict.
Humans are not only morally different from animals, but also morally superior to them
Your contribution to society is greater with a new invention as opposed to a valid scientific theory.
I think that there are no fundamental differences between races, physical or mental, and that racial labels should be replaced with nationality.
Self Diagnosis is a valid way of determining a disorder and everybody should do it.
North America should get of foreign oil and be energy independent.
Facebook,Twitter, Google, Reddit have very little informational value
Subsidies are bad policy and hold the international economy back
I believe that voluntary vegetarianism and veganism, other than that for religious reasons, is a product of living in the developed world
I think marijuana's lack of obvious negative side-effects makes it a more harmful drug.
I really dislike "furries"
People who take an "uncompromising" stance on anything are naive
The Blue Album is weak and Everything Will Be Alright in the End is a much better album
Sci-Fi has gotten too negative
Women have it easy.
It's not a good idea to own personal firearms.
Everything is a business. No matter what you ask me about, it's a business.
"Gifted" programs in schools should be seen as a necessity and a priority.
[Mod Post] Clarifications on rule E
There is nothing wrong with legitimate multi-level marketing companies like Amway
I'm seriously considering leaving the Sci-Fi/Fantasy Con Community.
The first German Officer killed by "The Bear Jew" in "Inglorious Basterds" is a hero. In fact, most of the soldiers killed were probably done so wrongly.
I believe humanity lacks the inertia necessary to cross the gap required to attain machine superintelligence.
The "offensive nature" of blackface is irrelevant nowadays and people should stop viewing it as racisf
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, October 25, 2014 - Friday, October 31, 2014
Train Conductors are a useless job.
I think Fox News is the best and fairest of all mainstream news.
Nature is not a friend of humanity and we should get as far away from it as fast as we can.
Unless there are extenuating circumstances (e.g. one parent is proven to be incapable of keeping the children for whatever reason), in the event of divorce, a parent should be able to receive alimony or custody, but not both.
It is pointless for a Democrat in a heavily Democratic district to vote in this year's election.
The words "rasist" and "racism" have largely outlived their usefulness.
I think humans naturally tend towards dictatorships
I refuse to wear a poppy for Remembrance Sunday, and see no valid reason to do so.
I'm absolutely fine with paying Ticketmaster fees.
Individuals silenced by accusations of prejudice, empower use of such accusations as a weapon
The sub /r/punchablefaces is blatant bullying and a direct violation of reddiquette.
"Check your privilege", used in a Debate, is a terrible Argument.
Political Correctness/Tolerance in Europe is destructive for society. Political Correctness/Tolerance is possibly worse than elitism(May not be the right word).
The West has no obligation to help developing countries with diseases/peacekeeping
Internet access should be charged on a per usage basis, similar to electricity and water bills.
People are far more weighted to the opinions of the majority now, and this pushes most to mediocrity.
CMV If recreational usage of marijuana is legalized so should the recreational use of anabolic steroids.
Atheism is completely useless if not accompanied by humanitarianism
The Libertarian Tower of Horror
we are a nation of men, not a nation of laws. we won't be a nation of laws until laws are written in code.
I think WWI is the second biggest human event in written history, second only to Persia invading Greece
The statement "They're taking our jobs," in it's normal anti-immigration/anti-affirmative action context, is both obviously true and obviously the result of prejudice in all cases.
Britain should formally apologize for its imperial war crimes against humanity
There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil.
Fresh Topic Friday - 10/31/14
People should stop using the term 'cop killer' and just use murderer instead.
Capitalism is a system that perpetuates structural violence. Therefore, it is not morally wrong to use violence as a means to dismantle capitalist institutions.
I believe society can put a cap on company profit percentages without being communist.
Pork is the most versatile of all meats
cell phones do not cause cancer or any other negative health effects. They emit radio waves at frequencies and energies too low to hurt us in any way.
Dogs should only be let outside alone if they are secured to something or surrounded by a fence too tall to jump
The issue of abortion can't be solved until there is a consensus on when life begins.
Abbreviating titles when talking about movies, books, episodes, or anything like that accomplishes nothing and obscures meaning.
Monday is a more appropriate first day of the week than Sunday is in the United States.
Men deserve an entertainment medium biased to their gender just like women do.
Kids father dies, whole grade goes to funeral. I think it's inappropriate and that we should just let him have his space and stop pretending like we all care.
I think the hysteria around SIDS is complete bullshit.
Citizens United should not be forced to disclose funding for their film "Rocky Mountain Heist"
Men and Women are fundamentally different and more better suited for different roles in society.
Mushroom picking is a perfectly reasonable hobby.
Gaming community of Reddit is full of misogynistic manbabies and it is harmful for the image of reddit.
CMV - Graffiti artists and taggers are petty assholes
We should not return to Standard Time and stay in Daylight Savings Time year round.
Being "door-prized" is the fault of the cyclist, and cyclists should ride out of the range of doors.
Fear over A.I., "artificial intelligence" and super-smart computers that could destroy mankind is dramatic hyperbole and fearmongering.
I would prefer a conventional World War 3 than Nuclear based peace.
The UN should be converted to a science funding platform.
I don't think we (the U.S) should spend more money on space exploration then we currently do now.
People can only help others be happy when they learn to be happy.
I can't help finding neural implants creepy
CMV - Anyone who is against euthanasia should also be against ever going to war.
snitching is not morally wrong
I believe that forcing GMO labeling is useless
CMV : I shouldn't feel bad about piracy because I still pay for media and he money ends up in rich pockets.
It is not necessary for China, as a developing nation, to abide by the international standard for CO2 emissions reduction targets.
The Government should neither regulate marriage; All aspects of a Marriage should be determined by the individuals being Married and grounded in Civil Contracts
The big 4 networks (NBC, ABC, CBS, FOX), should no longer be separate entities, just additional cable/satellite channels.
Anyone distancing from either science or spirituality is a biased, unreasonable individual.
The sugars in natural fruits and fruit juices cannot possibly be bad for me.
I think Freya Rachael accessed information that she had no right to, and deserves the legal strife she's received.
I've always believed debating Politics was useless, but this must not be the case right?
Instead of electing state legislators who vote on behalf of millions, we should elect local county legislators who vote on behalf of just the counties populations
The USA should adopt a parliamentary system and compulsory voting
Financial Aid is not a morally justifiable reason to join the military
Choosing not to define a relationship is silly.
It's not ethical to actively try and promote the idea that being a big person is attractive.
The song There She Goes is about heroin addiction, not a pretty girl.
Polygamy is a terrible, terrible idea.
Taxation is (basically) theft.
Debating politics or ethics with family&amp;friends is pointless
Americans have high material wealth because of smart protectionism, not free market policies
The 'End the Fed' crowd are nothing but a gang of economic illiterates, and should be considered the economic equivalent of climate change deniers.
Large sports organizations like the NFL and WWE don't really give a shit about breast cancer
As a Liberal in a Red State, my mid-term vote does not count.
There is nothing wrong with incest if you remove the offspring aspect
Having a child is more selfish than not having one
Universal child care is more important than universal health care
Democracy is the best political system.
Universities should recieve public funding, however, too many people are currently attending university. We should reduce enrollment and divert funding from low ranked schools and fund more prestegious institutions.
Mods should be elected by their subreddit subscribers.
"Revenge porn" should not be a criminal offence.
The next trend in politics is a crowd-sourced 'avatar' politician.
I believe that people who don't make an effort to keep in touch/check up don't actually care/are assholes, no matter what the excuse is.
Gordetto's Snack Mix should be at least 50% rye chips.
Homosexuality and other sexual practices that deviate from what most people do should not be taught in American sex education classes.
I Believe the Death Penalty in the United States Should Be Abolished
America's definition of consent in regards to rape is capable of punishing people for being stupid or simply socially inept
There should be no such thing as legally mandated 'sick leave'. Instead, everyone should get extra 'annual leave' entitlements.
If you cause an accident due to texting, drunk driving or talking on the phone while driving, it wouldn't be totally unreasonable to shoot you
Twitch's most recent policy revision is a net negative.
The corporate tax rate in the United States should be 0%
The concept of 'Equality' is flawed, overused, and ultimately impossible. Instead it should be rebranded for case specific 'Parity' and efforts should be put toward the celebration of the importance of 'Diversity'.
There is no such thing as "cultural genocide", and the concept itself offensively trivialises actual genocide.
I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with judging others.
I feel like the concept of protected groups should only be used in court and not in day to day conversations.
That English Class in primarily about bullshitting.
all life (feelings, consciousness, etc.) is reducible to chemicals and math in the brain
The Republican party deliberately thwarts effective government, because they see a functioning government as a threat to the wealthy and powerful
Black face makeup for practical purposes.
The huge difference in funding and awareness between breast cancer and other forms of more common and more dangerous cancers, is a result and a direct sign of sexism and a societal problem with men.
A mandatory quarantine for people exposed to Ebola, or arriving from Ebola ravaged areas, is for the public good.
I can lose weight only by lowering my calories and walking my dog.
People should do everything they can to not work for small ma and pa stores.
Reddit has seen its golden age and has been in its decline for a while now; we need a new site.
I think that parents should not lie to their kids about Santa Claus
A human of average intelligence given infinite time would be able to derive all of our mathematical concepts.
Australia (and probably many other developed nations) are at some point in the next ~50 years, pretty much fucked, and there isn't much we can do to stop it.
No speech should be limited ever
Islamophobia is more dangerous than Islam.
Parents should encourage their kids to watch REALITY TV as they are a very good source of education.
If you've reached the final stage for hiring, employers should contact you to let you know if you've gotten the job or not.
Why can't we establish two minimum wages?
Canadian politicians and media are reacting to the "acts of terror" disproportionately because it fits their current agenda.
Children should be taught that sexual orientation is a continuum
Anita Sarkeesian is dishonest
Team Fortress 2 is better than ever. (Many points about TF2)
Why do political correct people think it's wrong to distinct genders/races if there are biological and statistical differences?
Virginity is not real, and as a completely made-up idea it is harmful to society and should just be removed from our culture.
I believe a mercenary coalition should be formed to fight terrorism abroad.
Distributed and decentralized delivery/communication models will never be more prevelant than centralized ones simply because of how much harder they are to work with.
I feel that reducing games to math and number crunching is killing role playing and takes away the spirit of the game.
Libertarians condone racism.
Dressing up for Halloween as a member of another culture is not racist.
Palestinians deserve most of the blame for their situation
Raking leaves off your lawn is a waste of time and mulching/mowing over them in-place is ideal
The outpouring of grief for the Canadian soldiers killed on home soil is an example of selective empathy, which is toxic.
Being an NFL Player is absolutely unhealthy
Anita Sarkeesian's video game critiques are seriously flawed, but worth watching anyway.
Looney Tunes and Merrie Melodies cartoons are and forever will be better than the original Disney cartoons such as "Steamboat Willie".
CMV : People nowadays are overreacting too much to boyfriend/girlfriend cheating, and cheating in general.
Fear of dogs is not irrational.
Comic Books are Childish
Lyft and Uber should be required to operate under the same rules as any other taxicab service.
There is no solution to the crisis in the Middle East.
The arts is not equal to the sciences.
black people disgust me
I believe Homosexuality is a sin.
Automotive insurance rates should be based solely off of your driving record, not your credit score.
I agree with Michigan in regards to banning Tesla from selling cars directly to consumers.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, October 18, 2014 - Friday, October 24, 2014
I believe letting a jury to decide if the defendant is guilty is contradictory to the "beyond all reasonable doubt" principle.
The average police officer is just as likely to commit a crime as the average citizen, in The United States.
I have no sympathy for most college graduates who complain that they can't find jobs
It is a myth that there are only two kinds of evaluation: good and evil
Hostility of any sort results in reverse hostility.
I don't think women earn less than men.
Access to firearms should be considered as a gender equality issue.
Regulating guns because "if it even saves one life" is a REALLY BAD IDEA
The use of nootropics (i.e., "smart drugs") is not unethical, even if you're using them to get ahead in school
Neurological disorders are glitches in the Matrix, and as we approach the Singularity, it will be surprising who busts through with extraordinary powers.
People working on the Ebola epidemic deserve criticism when they make mistakes, not counterexamples of their selflessness. We're at a disadvantage when we ALL don't acknowledge their poor decisions. Experts should be leading the criticism, not the PR campaign.
If you could only drink one liquid for the rest of your life, water would be the absolute best
Antidepressants and school shootings (or any violence) is a correlation, not a causation.
I believe that cannabis is an objectively better substance for recreational use than alcohol
I believe happiness depends on remaining ignorant and thus, is not something to strive for.
If we're going to let everyone have guns, gun safety should be a required course in grade schools
The meaning of the word Hitler can be changed
In a clinical setting only Medical Doctors should be called Doctor.
I think the extra point in professional American Football should be abolished.
Edward Rooney was not in the wrong and should not be viewed as the antagonist in "Ferris Bueller's Day Off".
RE: The Falconer Debate. Assisted dying should be legal.
Fresh Topic Friday - 10/24/14
I consider the Nordic model the best socio-economic model to base a country around &amp; the best compromise between the right and left
Gender count shouldn't be mentioned after innocent by standers have been negatively effected from a tragedy or crisis.
I decided not to have children because of global warming.
I owe it to my family to shoot anyone willing breaking and entering my home.
Most voters shouldn't vote
I think that words like "anyways" and "alot" and using idioms incorrectly are acceptable because overtime that is the way language evolves and to stop that evolvement is silly.
The age of consent is completely arbitrary
Giving members of Congress term limits would not improve our government and could potentially make things worse
Companies manufacturing homeopathic remedies are criminal enterprises
I believe that restricting resources based upon "minority" status is discrimination.
Minimum wage should be increased but taxes should be reduced for businesses and business owners.
There needs to be more critical discourse surrounding Islam in Western Society
People take the Westboro Baptist Church too seriously.
I am considering dropping out of my Masters of Mathematics program.
Golf, Darts, Snooker and Chess should not be classed as sports by any definition.
ISIS conspiracy theories aren't being investigated enough
The logic in this video about climate change CANNOT be used to "prove any crazy point"
The ability to suspend disgust is critical to being a competent moral agent.
School vouchers/choice make sense because they allow students to escape under performing schools.
Mocking people for poor writing on a public forum is perfectly acceptable, and often leads to positive development of a person's knowledge-base through negative reinforcement.
Regulations keep major ISPs in power which is largely the reason for highly priced and low quality internet in the United States.
I am against nuclear energy - not because I doubt its safety, but because the costs that are caused by nuclear waste are higher than what is made by selling the energy
Feminism is the wrong approach to gender equality
An eternal afterlife in Biblical Heaven would be an intolerable hellscape, and Christian doctrine's promise of one is a disincentive to believe in Christianity.
Atheism is not a falsifiable belief
Parents lying to their children is unjustifiable.
Aging is terrible and should be 'cured'
Terrorism is a Law Enforcement problem, not a military one.
I'm anti gay. But we can still be civil about, right?
By accepting "all love is equal/the same" in terms of homosexuality you accept everyone is bisexual with a possible heavy preference/deterrence to one gender
Sex is something intimate, to be shared in a relationship; not just something that should be done casually.
Playing 3 hours of video games is no less detrimental than reading a book for 3 hours
If a total catastrophic breakdown of society were to happen, liberals would be primarily useless.
If karma was anything but useless, Reddit as we know it would be ruines
Military interference in conflicts is wrong because everybody has a right to live
I think that the politics of Rage Against the Machine are convoluted and a publicity stunt.
When one accepts that eating meat is immoral, one would also have to accept that wild animals that naturally eat meat either need to be "rehabilitated", or put down.
My neighbors' cats should not have to be mine, too.
Gender is a useless concept and should not be used.
GamerGate is a hate group
Space Exploration and Colonization should be a global issue lead by a coalition of the world's nations
A person is either a theist or an atheist. The label 'Agnostic' is often incorrectly applied as some kind of middle ground.
I have recently come to the conclusion that killing animals for meat is immoral. Please change my view.
I don't believe in Luck
The United States and other world governments should create sterilization incentive programs.
A Korean nuclear war is unlikely to occur.
Any password service that "locks you out" should do so after fifty or so false tries, not five.
Taylor Swift's recent accidental eight seconds of white noise ("Track 3") proves Death of the Author
I think that Medical Tourism should have no governmental regulation
I believe the Nazi army during WW2 was not any worse than most armies during history
Boba Fett was basically useless and shouldn't be considered bad ass (FILMS ONLY)
Hand tattoos should not effect hireability
I think it should be illegal for people to sell predetermined pregnancy tests.
When it comes to studying macroeconomics, empiricism is not necessarily a superior method to rationalism.
Consumption of "healthy" food like fruits and vegetables is overrated and caloric intake is by far the most important benchmark.
It is just to organize a volunteer-only militia to defend critically endangered species from poachers using lethal force
Peanut Butter should absolutely be served in a tube much like icing or toothpaste.
Mass Surveillance is a justified method of intelligence gathering.
I think that prescriptions for "study drugs" like Adderall, Vyvanse, and Ritalin should be available to anyone who they will help.
I think there is nothing with France's ban on religious face covering
People who complain about cultural appropriation should be against gay marriage.
CMV - I'm a politically conservative student who genuinely believes that Tony Abbott is doing a good job as the Prime Minister of Australia.
I think America's political parties are lobbies and should instead write and advise on laws that are democratically voted on by the public.
It doesn't matter at all if the Republicans take over the Senate next month
I think tuition fees in the UK should be 9k and the real problem is not tuition loans but student loans not even covering accommodation costs...
When my current laptop dies, I should replace it with a Microsoft Surface
I do not believe that prisons should have to accommodate the religious obligations of inmates
Football officials do not understand what the term "indisputable video evidence" means.
In many airliner configurations, a portion of extra legroom seats should be reserved for tall people at no extra cost.
I believe accidental exposure to psychedelic substances by human evolutionary ancestors may have a part to play in our development of complex conciousness.
Anime is a strictly worse art medium than manga
I should give little or no money to charity during my life and instead save it and leave it in my will
Jesus from the new testament is not particularly wise
It is pointless to say "God forbid".
There is no incentive for females to enter any of the major religions.
Race car drivers are not athletes.
Constitutional Amendments Should Only Be on the Ballot in Major Elections
Atheism is not a smart choice because you gain nothing by being right
There are no downsides to purchasing a station wagon.
My life will peak in post-secondary school, and I don't have much to look forward to after that
White privilege does not exist
Though seemingly superficial Being Attractive is single biggest factor in achieving success in career and relationships so working on it should be a priority.
The reaction to Tristan Thompson's kiss is insane.
Men should not be allowed to vote on anything regarding abortion.
I should withdraw from university.
Equality as an idea is fairly subjective and for this reason will never be "reached"
Suicide posts should be banned from Reddit.
/r/MapPorn does not belong in the SFWPorn Network
the feeling "I'm wasting my life" is more dependent on selection bias than any life decisions
Beastiality should be illegal, and those who engage in it should be prosecuted.
US Gun Control Advocates, I Should Theoretically Be Allowed to Own Any Weapon as a Means of Keeping the Government in Check
The wife of the man my friend is cheating on with deserves to know
Meghan Trainor's - All About The Bass is NOT a body positive song.
Next time there is a school shooting, the killer's name and picture should not be published by any media, and coverage of the event should be kept to a minimum.
non-working housewives do as much work as their husbands that earn money. i.e. their work is equally as "profitable".
Facebook is the perfect social network
Feminists and Atheists should stop labeling themselves if they wish to win hearts and minds
The word "fuck" is bad for culture in the same way that "fag" and "nigger" are.
There is no reason for the police officer in this video to shoot this puppy
I refuse to go onto antidepressants because I don't want chemicals to screw with my mind
If you give "assholes" what they want by sleeping with them, you have weak morals.
An American Union would be the best way to fix all the problems in the America
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, October 11, 2014 - Friday, October 17, 2014
I don't watch/read much news, and I don't see any reason to start any time soon.
I don't want to waste my time on Battlestar Galactica.
Occasionally inducing vomiting to avoid consuming calories can be a rational decision.
The US Democratic and Republican Parties Encourage Blacks, Hispanics, and Whites to Believe they are Victims due to Race/Ethnicity and Hate Others
I struggle to hold respect for most singers in music and think they are vastly over respected compared to instrumentalists
I was never bullied as a child.
Alien Blue isn't as good as what the hype around it would have you believe and if I had to pay for it, it wouldn't have been worth it.
I think politicians, in high ranking positions within a country, should not be criticized for using private health care and sending their children to private schools.
Economic Dev't does not depend on greed; It depends on creativity.
I believe that the USA should eliminate welfare for able bodied people and instead use that money to subsidize employment.
Video games don't cause violence
I think the United States of North America might be a really good idea.
The best choice for gamers at the moment is a Wii U. The PS4, XB1, and a gaming PC are not worth the money.
I can't understand why I would vote to raise the salaries of legislators
There is an anime for everyone.
The team that picks second should get to pick twice
Actual Science doesn't start until you have a testable hypothesis.
I am a solipsist
In order to obtain the best quality possible, vegetarian food should not attempt to mimic meat in form, taste, etc.
The United States is the least-bad choice for World SuperPower
Pikachu is not a good mascot for Pokemon.
People need to stop saying "I'm probably going to get downvoted for this."
Console exclusive games is a largely outdated concept and it's holding the industry back.
The only way the conflict in Iraq regarding ISIS will come to a conclusion is with WW2 style numbers of boots on the ground.
Borderlands/Borderlands2 should not have had out-of-bounds zones and instead Borderlands 3/pre-release and future releases should have randomized/procedurally-generated adventuring landscapes.
I love the Godfather Parts I and II but have refused to see Part III because I am afraid its lower quality will ruin the series.
Contemporary British politics is much more interesting than American politics
I don't think energy drinks are unhealthy as people say they are.
Fresh Topic Friday - 10/17/14
We should not cure Ebola
I am a gay guy and I don't think we should assimilate into the heterosexual tradition of marriage
Men should have the opportunity to opt out of financially supporting a hold they do not wish to have.
Religion should not affect the life of someone who does not practice it
The word "rape" is used too liberally, particularly in the case of male victims
Why would I want my internet service provider be treated by a utility?
By stiffing bad servers, I am doing them a favor in two ways: One, by giving them accurate feedback on their performance, and, Two, by helping to prevent them from miserably eeking out a living wage in a profession where they clearly do not belong.
Headphone jacks positioned on the bottom of a smartphone is a better design than jacks on the top
In the USA, lunch does not have an identity
Wisconsin banning the right of public employees to collectively bargain is a huge step forward for the voters/taxpayers. (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_Wisconsin_Act_10)
I believe being transgender is a birth defect. That unfortunately has no cure so our best course of action to treat the symptoms by allowing people to transition.
It is completely acceptable and moral for me to indicate my hispanic heritage on applications, even though I would be considered white
Humans will never colonize another planet, robots may eventually travel space
Money isn't speech, but only a method of getting speech heard
The "Right to be Forgotten" ought to be abolished, or at the very least heavily limited.
Post-game, the loser and not the winner should initiate "good sportsmanship".
CMV Student Have Constitutional Rights
We should discontinue the practice of Victim Impact Statements, as currently practiced in US Criminal Courts.
Good Samaritan laws should exist in regards to feeding the homeless/needy
Witch trials aren't a thing of the past.
Having a baby means the end of all the things you enjoy.
Seperation of powers is an outdated concept, especially between legislative and executive powers
Beyond the persistent misogyny, "gamergate" is a ludicrous cause pursued by the blinkered, entitled and delusional
Weekend golfers aren't athletes, and weekend golf isn't a sport.
It is weird to choose to learn a rhythm instrument
I believe ideas are always tied with emotions.
Crosswalks should be in the middle of the street or jaywalking should be legal
I believe book burning is not inherently immoral.
Saying "Jew" is no more racist than saying "Jewish person" and it's better English because it's parsimonious
I believe the Supreme Court should have an even number of justices
Ad block will lead to the end of near-ubiquitous free website access.
Inflation and deflation does not influence a rational investor's decision of whether or not to invest.
The superior way to write an ASCII smiley face is (: and not :)
Loving Someone Is Never Wrong
I think that working for a bank is similar in "evilness" to working for a tobacco company.
Keeping Clifford the Big Red Dog as a private pet is deeply irresponsible and unsafe
Snoop Dogg shouldn't have dissed Iggy Azalea and caused drama
Forcing prisoners to purchase basic toiletries, food and hygiene items is cruel and unusual punishment, especially when they make pennies per hour working, often for companies that profit from their labor.
Environmental Science should be a mandatory class in public high schools.
[META] Casual AMAA of the CMV mods
The USA should adopt a foreign policy of neutrality.
In ice hockey, goals that are scored via deflection, either off a stick or player, should be awarded to the shooter, not the deflector.
Swearing at people and/or insulting them is a form of freedom of speech.
I think police officers in general are receiving way too much hate based on cell-phone videos.
Gender is meaningless.
The terms "property", "ownership" and "stealing", when used to describe information , are meaningless
I think it is better to cull those infected than risk the greater spread of ebola.
I detest marijuana and tend to lose respect for people who smoke it.
Ignoring the more hot-button political aspect of what's happening, I think GamerGate's primary focus is a complete waste of time and utterly unimportant. "Ethics in games journalism" is barely worth mentioning, let alone whatever huge thing this has become.
I think a lot of graduate research is a waste of resources
Allowing drivers to park in a lane on a busy street just doesn't make sense.
I don't think it is necessary to wash your hands after using a no-flush urinal.
I believe Don Draper will commit suicide during the final season of Mad Men.
I think its unfair that let's play channels make money using someone else's content.
There is no reason why religious beliefs and practices should get more respect than other beliefs and practices
r/bronyH8 and r/furryH8 are hate speech subreddits.
In the US, products manufactured in China should be required to be labeled "Made by the Exploited Workers of Communist China" instead of simply "Made in China."
I don't think there is anything wrong with reclining your airplane seat in coach.
I believe that the United States should not negotiate with terrorists.
I have a serious hate for the majority of people.
I think many people posting CMVs don't actually want to be convinced of anything but just want an outlet to make an argument/rant that they are proud of.
We should stop talking about racism.
The entire #GamerGate controversy would go away, pro and anti, if people stopped giving a shit about the opinions of others on the internet - "games journalism" included - and just played video games instead of arguing about them.
I believe organ donation should be mandatory - or at bare minimum, opt out rather than opt in.
The "you should spend x months salary on a wedding ring" idea is morally reprehensible and financially irresponsible in every single case.
Rock is dead.
[Mod Post] Contest mode option now available.
I never flush urinals and don't feel bad about it
Cosplay is getting to be more of a beauty contest than a real tribute to fantasy artwork.
I believe that only the first two "Nightmare on Elm Street" Movies were "Horror" movies, the rest were comedies.
Mixing cups and fluid ounces in recipes serves no benefit and just adds extra confusion
Advertising a state run lottery is an immoral act.
Religious people are in denial/delusional
I believe that people above the age of 50 becoming new parents is unethical and harmful to the child's development.
Columbus Day is a national embarrassment, and should be replaced with Election Day or some other national holiday
It should be 'okay' to dress up as someone from a different race.
Pistorius trial was tough and thorough. He is not "getting away" with it. The judge ruling comes out of a serious, unbiased and fair analysis of what has been presented to her. The ruling is not a result of any "political influence" or OP being a celebrity and getting away with.
I think it's ridiculous that low value items like Magic cards and Air jordans become so expensive through artificial scarcity yet everybody keeps falling for it.
I am not concerned about gaming journalism and its general ethics.
In the UK people who support UKIP are politically illiterate and ignorant of what reality is really like.
I believe people who don't give blood but are able to should be shamed and pressured to do so
It is perfectly okay to call women bitches and hoes.
I think that kids should be taught at a young age how to properly use firearms as well as the four rules of gun safety.
Fundamentalist Islam is problematic and western liberals should be criticising it. In the Bill Maher vs Ben Affleck video, Bill Maher was right.
I don't think marching band, cheerleading, dance, etc. should be considered sports.
Amphetamines are raising educational standards
I think that any theory defending social contract is false, and its advocates justify it primarily to legitimize their own power through government action.
CMV : I believe there is no difference between how the Pharaohs treated their people and how Kim Jong-Un is treating his.
I feel Democratic politicians make empty promises to voters and just blame Republicans when things don't work out.
Ideas are discover not created
#GamerGate is petty, pointless, and will be make people cringe when they look back on it years from now, if they look back on it at all.
Unless you are dyslexic, misspelling common/easy words is a sign of serious lack of intelligence.
I think binging and purging is an effective way to maintain my weight. It's killing me on the inside. Please someone CMV.
I don't think cops (or other law enforcement personnel) should be allowed to lie to suspects.
"A jury of your peers" is a horrible way to determine justice, and "professional jurors" are a much better alternative.
In a survival situation, particularly an apocalyptic or post apocalyptic situation in which resources are scarce, abortion and infanticide should be mandated
People who insist that you should always push up toothpaste from the bottom are wrong.
Agricultural subsidies for developed countries cause more harm than good.
Religious belief will never entirely disappear from human culture.
Standardized tests are fairer to minorities and poorer people for college admissions than the idea of a "well rounded" application.
Having a military is just as "socialist" as having universal healthcare.
Deflation isn't bad as it is believed
Chance the Rapper is awful
I believe musicians, actors and other role-models advocating that obesity is "alright", beautiful or not an issue is bad in the long-term for society as a whole.
The PG-13 rating results in films that are less appropriate for 10-20 year olds then R rated films
Steam customer support sucks and Valve should do something to fix it
I don't disagree with the core philosophy, but I hate the name "feminism" and don't think things like Women's Resource Centers have a place in the developed world.
The Doctor should not have "companions"
Women are less attractive as long term relationship material if they are nonorgasmic.
Video game consoles should have graphics/performance customization.
That "Rape Culture" does not exist in a significant way
As a rule of thumb, patriarchy makes sense for "primitive" societies, but the progress of psychology as science has potentially made patriarchy obsolete.
Western Culture is Inherently Racist &amp; Sexist
There's a good chance we are at least 500 years away from our species being transformed to the point of basically evolving.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, October 04, 2014 - Friday, October 10, 2014
The banana is objectively the best fruit
I am no longer for a non-interventionist Ron-Paul style foreign policy.
I don't believe in aliens.
If you blow all the leaves off of your lawn without collecting them, you are an arse.
If it's wrong to say "Not all black people are criminals, but all white people live in fear of crime," then it should be wrong to say "Not all men rape, but all women live in fear of being raped."
Boston Strong is the most hilariously arrogant movement
Foreign television shows shown exclusively on Netflix, in the US, are not Netflix Originals
When celebrities joked about their photos being leaked, it was the right thing to do and diminished the value of seeing their leaks.
Civil asset forfeiture should be abolished.
People should learn proper etiquette when dealing with police.
There should be a global agency dedicated to defending against alien invasion.
Springs don't actually get heavier when they are compressed.
I should give up on changing other people's views, particularly when they conflict with popular morality.
I should not start drinking recreationally.
Chopsticks are the superior utensil for most salads.
In forums where debate is encouraged, attacks on groups should be moderated more strictly than attacks against individuals participating in the conversation.
I think Definitions of person-hood are arbitrary.
I did get why people love Catcher in the Rye
The funds spent on current manned space exploration such as Orion and the SLS, would be better used to develop better and more efficient spaceflight technologies to put humans in space.
I don't see anything wrong with feeling sorry for yourself.
I should be able to opt out of any and all advertisements.
All material goods exhibit diminishing returns to one's happiness
I believe that the way school shootings are dealt with cause more deaths. I taught my children to run as fast and as far as they could if something like this ever happened in their school.
I can't bring myself to feel bad for rock climbers who die when deliberately climbing without safety equipment.
There is extraterrestrial life.
If voter ID laws are unconstitutional, so are other things requiring a photo ID.
Because the borders of a majority of countries in the world are based on conquest and colonialism, natural grouping of self-organized groups is restricted, and tensions around this are making the world less peaceful. Therefore, all countries need to accept that borders are fluid and changeable.
I think that Kailash Satyarthi deserves the Nobel Peace Prize more than Malala Yousafzai
I have no plans vote in a safe seat in the UK elections next year
Fresh Topic Friday - 10/10/14
The deaths of 42 youths for verbally assaulting Elisha in the Old Testament is unjustifiable
Frequent unannounced fire drills are no different than the story of the boy who cried wolf, and actually make people less safe.
I believe that the single most important right that a society should provide to its people is the right to equality of opportunity to office and power.
Some modern Libertarians hypocritically deny that Civil Rights are Rights
Being a liberal feminist does not itself make you a "feminist"
There are no women that could compete successfully in the NFL/NBA or with the top percentage of elite male athletes and certain sports should be separate.
I think rap music is comparable to blackface minstrelsy.
You shouldn't be in a relationship with someone who isn't willing to shave your butthole
The only viable solution to salvage the irrevocable unraveling of biodiversity is to immediately depopulate the planet of the vast majority of humans by promoting the intentional spread of disease, famine, and warfare, as humans will not voluntarily change their ways.
If immigrants must write a citizenship test to become citizens, native-born residents should be forced to write a citizenship when they turn 18.
I don't think that you can get shadowbanned simply by voting in an NP subreddit.
If both people have been drinking and both people verbally consent, it is NOT rape/sexual assault.
The preferential treatment of Cuban immigrants in the US is justified
If an artist does a commercial they are a sellout
I think we should ban people from major Ebola stricken countries from coming to America
National elections don't matter.
Racial labels should not be encouraged (e.g. African-American, minority) as it actually encourages division instead of equality; to promote equality and a just society we should be referring to all members of all races by their nationality
I do not think one can morally judge people who engage in or view material related to bestiality if they themselves eat meat, use animal products of any kind or believe that animal ownership is acceptable.
The US relies too much on qualifications rather than capabilities, to its economic, social, and moral detriment
Passengers should board airplanes in a specific individual order based on seat assignments.
My opinions on feminism
Ebola poses a significant threat to billions of people due to global travel and global poverty.
Tea cup animals should be illegal.
If we consider karma to be an important part of reddit, then we should allow for self posts to gain karma, or at least within certain subreddits.
Food stamps should be given as cash benefits.
We should focus less on criminal punishment and more on criminal rehabilitation
Schools would benefit from being (entirely) privately run.
If we don't have enough evidence to civilly commit a dangerous person with a mental illness, we should be able to get a search warrant.
I am against the practice of civil forfeiture.
The downvote mechanic serves no desirable purpose.
Naturopaths should not be allowed a legal title or designation.
Columbus day is unjustified as a National Holiday and thus should be removed and replaced with Indigenous Day.
The classic Sega Genesis Sonic games are terrible, very poorly designed games.
Brand awareness and unique designer goods will save the rhinos.
"We do this for free" isn't a valid excuse for incompetent moderation on Reddit.
Most people who are prescribed antidepressant drugs as a treatment for depression do not need them as their depression isn't caused by a chemical imbalance, but by real-world stressors.
BIS is the unattractive step cousin of the business degrees.
I believe that gay rights movements are a downhill battle and should just fall under "civil" or "human" rights movements
Prince Hans is the true hero of Frozen and would have made a better ruler for Arendelle than Elsa
Libertarian-style free-market economy is impossible because there will always be some kind of corruption-prone authority like a trade guild, neighborhood councils or worker collectives, street gangs, mafia, Yelp...
i believe that stealing is completely morally acceptable.
The worst sense to lose is sight
deaf people should not be allowed to drive
If a business has two individual bathrooms, both should be unisex bathrooms
Plagiarists should be Paid Too
Everything in life eventually comes to an end, therefore everything is worthless
The US is not ready for automation, and we are all screwed.
New (past 8 years or so) super hero movies are the same recycled garbage. (Spiderman, XMen, Avengers, Iron Man, Transformers, ect.)
Referring to leaked nude photos as a "sex crime" is blatant hyperbole.
I don't feel it's wise to pursue my dream of being a writer
if you support gay marriage, you should also support polygamy and incest.
There is pretty much no good reason to lie to your child about the reality of the world, nor to pretend to know more about it than you do.
Gymnastics is the Hardest Sport
Rock Isn't Dead
I believe that there should be unlimited (or as close to unlimited as is practical) retakes for all tests given to school children (k-12) within the duration of each particular course.
I don't believe you can forge lifelong, real friendships once you're an adult, and it will all just be "surface friends" from that point on who will never stick around long-term. Explanation and my own experience in text body.
We place too much of an emphasis on the search for extraterrestrial life when it comes to space exploration.
High school dress code should remain as strict as it is.
Dance is not an academic discipline, and there should not be college-level degrees offered in it
The Greek System in college is pointless
CMV anyone who has pirated any television show, or movie, or song, or any other media is taking a hypocritical stance if they are criticizing the piracy of nude photos of celebrities.
The Matrix Trilogy is a philosophical masterpiece.
I'm pro-life, I believe abortion should only be considered if the pregnancy or birth of the child would put the mother's life in danger.
We have a moral obligation to contact "Uncontacted People"
The struggle over who controls the South China Sea is further evidence of the decline of American hegemony in the international system.
If a chuld is born with a severe mental issue the parents should be able to have the child euthanized
I think raising the minimum wage to $15 an hour is a bad idea.
I hate Disney's Frozen and it is currently my most disliked movie of all time.
I believe that non-white people have no place in Europe, and European society will be irreversibly changed with mass immigration.
Defendants in criminal cases should remain anonymous until they appear in court.
Areas of study that don't use the scientific method shouldn't be called sciences or funded by NSF
The Supreme Court should be fundamentally reformed or abolished.
Anyone that thinks one party is less corrupt than the other is delusional.
News bias is more damaging to U.S. democracy than money ever will be. Citizens United is a scapegoat.
It makes more sense that children be given their mother's surname than their father's.
I believe the speed limits on most highways are too low.
It's immoral to watch Gordon Ramsay shows like Kitchen Nightmares, Master Chef and Hells Kitchen if you're aware of the suicides they have caused.
Naturalized citizens should be allowed to become President of the United States, and the US Constitution should be amended to allow this.
We should be stocking our homes for long term survival as the ebola outbreak will NOT be contained in the US.
I believe the TSA is overly-intrusive in handling airport security. However, they exist to protect airliner revenue and make travelers *feel* safe.
It should be illegal to publish a photo or video of anyone, including celebrities without their consent.
The Warhammer 40k Orcs are simply obnoxious and the universe would be better off without them.
I think Christmas is the best holiday. Change my view.
Countries with Universal Healthcare fail to produce new vaccines, new medicines, new treatments, and are therefore inferior to the financially corrupt Privatized Healthcare System.
Wars aren't caused because defense industries profit from it. Defense industries profit from it because the society wants war.
music is the purest form of art.
Holding the door for someone not right by the door is not being polite
there is nothing wrong with traffic police maximising the number of tickets they write, by placing hidden speed radars in strategic places or camping outside of clubs to check drivers for alcohol (for example).
We should try to actively "polinate" our solar system with microbial life
Communism, though a nice idea in theory, can not work in real, functioning societies, and probably never will.
I believe Rorschach was right. (Watchmen)
Ebenezer Scrooge was still a selfish jerk at the end of the Christmas Carol.
The fact that my school doesn't have calorie totals on 60% - 70% of the stuff available in the cafeteria is bullshit.
Professional athletes that come out as gay should not be highly acknowledged as heroes.
Pass Interference in American Football should be a reviewable play.
Voter ID laws are entirely unnecessary.
The band "Blondie" is / was total shit.
Kids who have ADHD should not get extra time on tests.
I don’t support campaigns like the Dove “Real Beauty” campaign and those similar. Change my view.
The head football coach is not the only person responsible for the success or lack there of, of his team
Almost all Political Scientists agree that the Judicial Branch is the weakest because it lacks the power to properly enforce their rulings. In order to fix this, the Courts must be given power to impeach politicians of the other branches who ignore and fail to enforce these rulings.
Children should never call their parents by their first names. (Additionally, Mrs. And Mr. are should also always be used.)
Legally, computer memory should be treated as an extension of human memory. Anything you are allowed to see/hear, you should be allowed to record. In practice, this means that one party consent is the only type of recording law that makes sense.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, September 27, 2014 - Friday, October 03, 2014
I don't believe that incest, prostitution, homosexuality, or polygamy should be illegal
Fruit roll ups are the worst of the General Mills fruit treats
Cookies should not be self-served using a spatula.
Learning how to do your taxes, budgeting and finance, emergency medical training, and leadership skills should be required to be taught in high schools.
The top 1% have earned their money and they deserve to keep it
If I can, I should get 4 degrees in 4 years
Believing in Santa Claus is healthy for young children.
Illegal drug trade and unregulated prostitution should not be accounted for in official estimates of a country GDP
I don't think inequality is a bad thing.
Gun ownership should be tied to extensive training and regular testing.
I believe there is a single non-exploitable game theory optimal formula in poker, a game of incomplete information.
We haven't been made contact with an alien civilization because they don't have any interest in contacting us.
It should be illegal to advertise prize money as $1,000,000 if it is paid out over many years.
America actually wants fundamentalist Islam to survive in a limited way
Obama is a top 15 president
I believe the best model for the future of humanity is The Culture, as described by author Iain M. Banks
I have no interest in pursing an intimate relationship, and feel perfectly content with being single for many years to come, if not for life.
I think everyone should be vaccinated.
I don’t see anything wrong with going to a restaurant, right before they close, and ordering a full meal.
We SHOULD panic over the Ebola scare in the US, but only because doing so will increase visibility of more serious concerns.
If both parties believe they benefit, then one week trades in Fantasy Football are NOT collusion
I think transparent pricing will do more for affordable healthcare than anything else.
I believe it is socially rude to fully recline your seat on an airplane flight.
Doctor Octopus was really a superior Spider-man
College cafeterias do not offer good enough healthy options for students
It's not homosexual for a man to have things inserted into his anus by a woman (probably NSFW)
I believe it is more socially desirable for a person to drink too much than to drink sensibly
Punishment for criminal acts is unnecessary
I believe Wikipedia is reliable enough to be used as a source in school assignments.
Most moms who go back to work saying that "we just can't afford for me to stay home" are lying to themselves. The reality is "staying home with my kids is just not important enough to us for us to be willing to change our current lifestyle."
Fresh Topic Friday - 10/03/14
Information in newspapers is adequate given its intended purpose
I believe that chess should have a mirrored set up, instead of having "queen on color"
Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia is 100% wrong about religion and the Constitution
I think unproven psychoanalysis, hypnosis, dream analysis, Jungian psychology, etc. should go through rigorous testing first.
It is inconceivable to program a computer or robot to "want".
Students should not be punished by their schools for actions committed outside of school.
Quality is better than quantity.
I don't think Islam is problematic.
Sports, and physical activity in general, are more beneficial for boys and girls than playing video games.
Reza Aslan's rebuke to Bill Maher over Islam was outrageous.
Economic sanctions are no more morally defensible than use of military force
Death Penalty Shouldn’t Be an Option
Middle Class Students Should Receive More Financial Aid
Backgrounds for Gun Ownership Should be More Extensive
Environmental regulations don't have a negative impact on a country's economy in the long term
I think paying fines is an awful punishment for miseeds.
I believe that being overweight should not be someone's right, and the government should be able to tax someone for being obese. CMV
The Lack of Education in Schools is Causing Obesity
The English Caribbean would be much better off today had it remained under the British crown
In the US, all the Presidential primary elections should be held on the same day
I think my unborn male child should be allowed to play football.
We should stop describing white girls as “basic”
The concept that we call "opinion", or "belief", is a social construct
If we as a society can fund libraries nationwide, we should also fund a free and open internet. And if that's too expensive, I think we should shift most of the funding from the most run down of libraries to a free and open internet.
It's not sexist for me to use the word cunt.
Some art is objectively better than other.
The beard fad is obnoxious and it needs to end ASAP!
Isolated cases of Ebola in the US is the best case scenario
19 Year-Olds should be able to drink
Kurt Cobain committed suicide
I almost never complain about food in a restaurant for fear of retaliation
I believe that falling in love can change your life, and that one shouldn't so easily "move on".
12 bar blues is a lazy form of composition
Leonard Bernstein was a mediocre conductor.
The US has had 43 presidents, not 44. Grover Cleveland should not be counted as the 22nd and 24th president.
I don't believe in Marriage, because I believe Divorce is Unethical, yet I believe in a person's freedom to leave any relationship.
My mindset of "time is money" has made me miserable.
The Town of Ave Maria should be allowed to avoid selling women birth control because the town was always planned that way
military attacks against ISIS are being morally justified in the public's mind by what amounts to a large propaganda campaign
Support for parties like UKIP shows many people are racists
Corporate Personhood: I think 14th amendment has been warped and skewed in order meet the needs of a powerful few
I think the Chinese Communist Party is finished.
I think certain college students who complain about society and its practice of consuming goods through debt that they are incapable of paying for are hypocrites.
I think it's perfectly fine for companies to admit that they've made a problem or mistake.
The US Air Force should lock down West African airports by force.
I don't want my daughter to cut her hair.
Fashion is superficial and youre a superficial person if you care about it.
The Space Shuttle program is the worst mistake in the history of space flight
The real reason of terrorism not islam but poverty.
John Boehner is a terrible leader and about as mature as a 6 year old.
CMV Atheism is a disbelief in God, Agnosticism is a lack of belief, and confusing the two is bad for clear, honest discussion.
Smoking cigarettes is inconsiderate (almost) always and everywhere
Husain Abdullah's prayer is no different from Tebowing and therefore should not be penalized
Complimenting someone on their (obvious) plastic surgery (e.g. 'enhancements') isn't rude, but exactly what they were hoping for: approval and attention.
Ascriptive identities have no value in modern society.
Many people say that society twists our ideas of what is attractive or right, but I think that society is just humanity's ideals on a bigger scale, and shows what we like as a species. CMV
When referring to a girl, fat and thick are not interchangeable. They mean different things.
OJ Simpson most likely did not murder Nicole Brown Simpson, and I'm glad he got off.
women don't have to shave their legs.
Like attempts to try and change the male perceptions of female attractiveness, a concerted effort to change what women find attractive in men would be good for society.
I think that it is alright to lie on my medical school application
I believe that people have a duty to attempt to determine the motive of an unknown person in their home before taking lethal action against them.
CMV : There is no valid reason why the life partner (house sharer, kid sharer, all important life decision sharer) should be of the sex I am sexually attracted to.
Pep rallies are a waste of my time.
Symbolism is a big pile of shit that we waste too much time on in school...
Men seek validation from casual sex more than women do
I shouldn't stop my baby from eating dog food.
All U.S. public school funding should not be dependent on bonds or local government budgets, and should be funded at the same level, depending on the number of students they serve.
Making money off your closest friends isn't wrong
Prostitution should be legalized in countries with high social programs
Californication is a bad show
White northerners have privilege over white southerners (USA).
I don't believe that the hatred of GMO's is justified
If men have to pay more for car insurance, it is only fair for men to earn higher pays.
I believe that for Medical Marijuana to be taken seriously, specific amounts of specific strains should be prescribed, instead of the current system.
There is no such thing as a mental illness caused by genetics and 'chemical imbalance' attributed to genetics does not exist.
Red rear turn signal lights should be illegal
I think this generation is psychologically weaker than previous ones.
It is perfectly legitimate to use adblocking software and in fact everybody should be using it.
I believe that by constantly telling people that success is a great job with lots of money, a big house and car and a good neighbourhood is bad for the wellbeing of most.
The iPhone 6 is the best smartphone on the market
Politicians shouldn't resign when they're investigated, no matter the evidence against them. They should only resign when proven guilty by a court of law.
We should be nicer to pedophiles
Gamers are capricious mindless hypocritical liars who parrot whatever the collective internet says. Please CMV
I want to enjoy live action plays/musicals (like Broadway and West End) but I find it too contrived and tedious
The *beep* sound that takes the place of "swear words" should just be removed from entertainment pieces. Just let people swear on TV and entertainment media as it's way more annoying to hear a *beep* than the swear word itself. Just say the damn swear word. Grow up.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, September 20, 2014 - Friday, September 26, 2014
I do not believe whether it is my responsibility to care whether a potential hookup has a SO or not.
Batman straight up kills people
In the NFL, anyone who says that Special Teams are a third of the game is just kidding themselves.
Woman who stay with their abusers (long explanation)
Democracy cannot flourish in Iraq until there is an acceptance of a separation between church (or mosque) and state.
The ways the left talks about issues of race/sex is just as stupid and naive as the right.
Batman demonstrates quasi-superhuman abilities, despite his supposed status as a "peak human" with no powers.
The wife of the judge who accepted bribes to jail youths should not be punished.
Welfare benefits are a detriment to the United States
Since the German Army is obviously in quite a shabby condition, it should be (mostly) abolished rather than brought back to strength
I don't believe in the right to be forgotten.
If you're telling me to do something because of a rule, you should at least explain the rule, not making an exception, but understanding that the rule might not be liked.
Autism is something that should be cured, not embraced.
US copyright terms should be significantly shortened.
Most politicians are disgusting human beings and the world is lead by mercenary capitalists
Weight lifting gloves and straps are a bad idea for most lifters when training with free weights
A marshmallow isn't worth 15 minutes of boredom.
The more expensive a place is, the less is my obligation to tip (or at least tip well).
I have a low opinion of people who buy expensive gear to do basic tasks that could have been fully accomplished with cheaper equipment.
There is little reason to tip pizza delivery drivers
Ukraine should not have transferred its stockpile of nuclear weapons to Russia upon independence.
"I'm fine with _____ opinion, just don't push it onto others" is a cop-out, and not a legitimate stance.
If the kid who 'desecrated' the statue of Jesus is punished, it validates Muslim's claims that a drawing of the Prophet Muhammad is deserving of punishment.
"right arm out" is a valid turn signal for bicyclists.
Polyamorous marriage should not be recognized and is not "the next gay rights".
Reposting is vital to Reddit
I like Windows 8.
I have to choose a major in my studies, and I think I'm gonna choose for the better career option instead of my childhood favourite.
Math is discovered not invented
If radical feminists have ruined the name of feminism, then radical atheists have ruined the name of atheism.
Prostitution should be legal
The western world's habit of rediculing, instead of merely adopting a neutral perspective, any belief or idea that isn't backed by scientific evidence is one of the greatest limitations to the continued growth of our society.
deaf culture is stupid and dangerous
Lower many felony offenses to misdemeanors.
Asians deserve a system akin to affirmative action for sports, politics, and other sectors where they are underrepresented.
Whether or not Leo DiCaprio or Al Gore uses private jets or yachts has absolutely nothing to do with climate change or their credibility in speaking out.
CMV, the electorate college system to elect a president is absolutely ridiculous as it essentially makes some voters more important than others
People who give away their pets because they found a non-pet friendly apartment are selfish.
In psychology, classical conditioning and operant conditioning are tautological pseudo-theories; learning is neither as simple nor as complex as either of these "fundamental" ideas.
You don't have to act on your desires to be considered a pedophile.
nI believe humanity can't adress the climate change issue before it's already too late.
The sale of human organs should never be legalised
As more women came to position of power, it became clear they're just as bad as men
I don't believe that 'tax brackets' should exist.
I think there's nothing wrong with cultural supremacism
It's not racist to say that you would never date a black / asian / white (etc) person because we're entitled to ANY sexual preference without prejudices.
Equality of outcome is malign; equality of opportunity is nonsense
Using violent language, threats, and emotional abuse in the name of feminism undermines the cause, and it is acceptable for me as a male to object to that.
Expecting Muslims to protest against ISIS, is a double standard steeped in prejudice
Believing in astrology is a form of prejudice.
Based on objective measures of skill, athleticism and strategy, American football is the greatest sport ever created.
There is no moral obligation to be a productive member of society
The Use of Closed-Source Software is NOT Unethical
We should not revere leaders who had to power to prevent injustice or atrocities.
People should only use government assistance if they absolutely need it, not just when they qualify.
Wealth/Income disparity is not increasing in the US
It is unfair to young girls to praise them on their appearance.
If you haven't been tested for STDs since the last time you had sex, you should disclose that to prospective sex partner before sex
The US should arm Assad instead of the "moderate rebels".
It is wrong to fly the Mexican (or any other) national flag in your yard in the US
The Mario Party series is terrible
Reddit is a net drain on society
The 24-hour notation is better than the 12-hour (am/pm) one
Without first redefining marriage, the claim that same-sex marriage bans are discriminatory doesn't hold water
High frequency trading does nothing for society and merely destabilizes the stock market
Argentina has a weak claim to Las Malvinas/Falklands
The Giving Tree is a story with horrible morals.
Liqourice should not be included in variety packs of jelly beans.
Bicycle riders who ride in the street should be required to obtain a license much like cars and motorcycles
Story-driven games are usually better at storytelling than books.
Public anonymity online is a dangerous concept that causes much more harm than good.
The Strikes On ISIS In Syria Have Nothing To Do With Defeating Terrorism
There is nothing wrong with never owning your own home.
Human experimentation on death row inmates should be legal
I believe that corporate personhood in the United States should be radically *expanded*, well beyond its meager current scope
If there are no moral truths without a God, there are no moral truths with a God.
I think people should be allowed to drive while using their cell phones.
The U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 was illegal, severely undermining the credibility of the U.S. as a global leader.
An online government will never happen because it would result in the de facto deregulation of the lobbyist industry.
Voting for a third party candidate is not a waste of my vote
Automation, i. e. eliminating jobs with technology, can only make everyone better off in the long term.
There is nothing wrong with drinking diet soda
People angry at vertical videos are ignoring the trend of technology to move to mobile formats
I don't want to vote in the upcoming election.
I think one the trust is gone in a relationship that it is over.
Income inequality is an inconsequential aspect of society and we need to quit worrying about it.
I think people have the right to end their own lives
I think that monogamy (prior to kids) is selfish and stems out of doubt in the relationship.
I believe that the use of the term "society" is detrimental to serious discussion of practically any topic. CMV
Socialism Doesn't Work
Feminism, as a descriptive, is next to useless because it pretty much means whatever anyone wants it to mean.
When dating, it is a waste of time to try to win someone over. If you have to win them over now, you run the risk of losing them later.
I get annoyed when people use accents of other languages while speaking in English.
PC gaming needs consoles to exist to survive
The Global Financial Crisis was caused by over-zealous deregulation of financial markets, not too much regulation.
Pickup trucks are impractical clown cars
A man who truly loves a woman would never want to have a child with her
Religion should be illegal.
I don't really think there are any compelling counterarguments to Marxism
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, September 13, 2014 - Friday, September 19, 2014
It is acceptable to judge people based on their choices, and *only* their choices.
It is OK to hoard products that are in limited supply to sell them back at a higher price.
The Walking Dead is a horrible show.
In literature, tragedies are better at conveying themes than comedies are.
I believe that those interested in the nature of truth should study Physics rather than Philosophy.
I dont have any reason to be afraid of terrorism and neither does anybody in the US or the UK.
I do not believe that someone making a story to post onto reddit or any other entertainment website should be looked down upon.
I believe religion is the main cause of homophobia and a strong factor in other forms of discrimination.
This medieval tapestry purposely depicts a living hadrosaurs
I think modern Radio-Pop/Rap/Dance is horrible excuse for music. Why should I like it?
I think it's impossible for a corporation to realistically be taxed, and even so, raising corporate taxes is a generally bad idea.
Jokes that are racist, sexist, homophobic, etc. in nature have negative social impacts and should be discouraged.
Current birth certificates are not a form of identification
I believe that when a liberal says calls a gun an Ar 15, or any other gun an "assault weapon", it's the same thing as when a conservative says abortion is "murder".
I am a young gay but I don't think I should ever act on it
CMV - Hope Solo should be treated the same as other male athletes or celebrities in regards to facing repercussions not only from the law but from the organization she works for when committing acts of domestic violence.
Civilians should stand up for veterans, but veterans should stand up for doctors, nurses and responders to the Ebola virus
I believe that abortion is murder, but exceptions can be made. Also that needless abortions should be punished.
I think Economics is largely a backwards field rooted in pseudoscience, unscrutinized cultural biases, and political manipulation.
We should not be trying to protect endangered species and should let them die off as they would if we were not around to save them.
Sealing up trash cans at the train station in response to an 'increased terror threat' is just intentional govt fear mongering.
Those who don't tip waiters should tell their waiter not to expect a tip.
Conservatism is Dead
I don't think the current all time top post deserves that spot.
It's a good idea for bank tellers to be armed.
Jerry Mouse from the popular 'Tom and Jerry' cartoons was morally reprehensible and the true villain of the show.
Valve should not have removed Train from the CS:GO tournament map pool.
We should bring back the electric chair.
Jobs should be created to counter technological growth.
blatantly deceiving the audience of an advertisement, even if they're not technically lying, should be illegal.
UK politicians should be required to have had a 'real' job for at least five years prior to entering politics. Change my view.
CMV- flying insects are committing suicide when they fly into your windshield
Whether a claim was racist or sexist or not has nothing to do with whether the stereotype or assertion was true or not.
Cheating in long-term relationships should not be an issue of "if" but an issue of "when".
I think modern pre-college(grade/high school) schools should be much more vocational in nature and less academic.
I think the US Electoral College is absurd and in a country that didn't fetishise its founding fathers so much it would have been changed long ago.
I see doctors as a necessary evil to be managed and used for their access to tests, treatments and drugs, instead of as knowledgeable experts whose expertise can actually help me.
Cubicle pissers should be socially ostracised
Xeon-powered headlights or other similar headlights (e.g. LEDs) should not be used in automotives.
People of mixed race shouldn't be referred to by only half/part of their race.
Fresh Topic Friday - 09/19/14
In the Internet age, a true democracy should allow all constituents to vote on issues online weekly/monthly
Round toilets are inferior to elongated toilets.
The military, fire fighters, and police officers should have the same entry standards for men and women.
I cannot stand anime or manga despite trying
There is nothing wrong with being a hypocrite.
I don't believe learning about "how things were" is important.
I don't think women should be able to have combat related jobs in the military.
It is perfectly fine to shorten the yellow signal when installing traffic light violation cameras
I don't believe the NFL should regulate, ban, or penalize any type of endzone celebration whatsoever
Sarcastically degrading Women as a gender for a passive joke is offensive BUT so is doing the same for Men.
I don't think it is the responsibility of the younger generation to maintain contact with the older generation
Demanding sources/citations in an online debate is generally a counterproductive and pointless thing to do, except in a community of experts. It should be strongly discouraged.
Your past defines you.
You have no right to be offended at anything posted on the internet, *except* if it is illegal.
Quantum Physics is bullshit.
This is a logical argument: "Gay people and straight people have the same marriage rights in the US"
There is no longer a need for traditional drummers.
There is no reason for my office to migrate from Office 2010 to Office 2013.
The music industry is not at it's worst right now, and might very possibly be at it's best in history
I don't see the point in having Patriotism for England
The American economy thrives upon specialization via division of labor. While this is great for economic efficiency, it's not so great for individuals with diverse interests that fluctuate over time.
The X-Men should be in a separate universe than the rest of the Marvel U
I believe that, if fighting on the ground is what is needed to defeat the ISIL, then assuming that the US is dedicated to this cause, they should NOT be arming rebels and should instead send in their own ground troops.
I don't believe in ethics.
The new Sm4sh roster is very disappointing
The US visa system is generally the most difficult in the world
Islamic extremist will ultimately bring about the end of the world.
The recent planned ISIS attack to behead random Australians on camera is no worse a problem than general street crime.
College is mostly about signaling.
One cannot be truly fluent in a foreign language unless they have been immersed in an environment/location where the language is native.
I believe there is no right and wrong in terms of morality and ethics
it is impossible for a text post to be NSFW
If I had a button that I could press that would eliminate ISIS, I would press it a thousand times.
There's no point in voting (for the major parties) if you and your significant other cancel each other out. (US politics)
Fearing death doesn't make any sense.
It is hypocritical to condemn the system of alliances that led to WWI in light of the events of WWII
If it's a legitimate reason to fire someone over their private life, than it's equally legitimate to scrutinize or be critical of someone based on their private life.
When listing Canadian values, environmentalism is not among them.
If "Gone Home" isn't a game, then neither is "Myst"
Scottish independence would be a terrible thing
People who express outrage for oppressed people trivialize oppressed people's outrage
'Exit Through the Gift Shop' is not a mockumentary
I think spanking is still child abuse even if it "doesn't leave a mark"
/r/debate should be the default subreddit, not /r/changemyview
The Atheist and Anti-Theist crowd are a bit foolish in their reverence of Satanism and it's antics
Chasing Karma points makes people more politically saavy.
Atheists in Western nations aren't currently being persecuted or oppressed in any meaningful way
It's almost impossible for the human species to become extinct
Under the doctrine of "affirmative, ongoing consent", there is (virtually) no way for a participant in a sexual encounter to be certain he is not raping the other participant
I believe that it was correct of the Vikings to reinstate Adrian Peterson AND I believe that Ray Rice's suspension should be no longer than 1 year
Even though Cuban-style socialism leads to lower average standards of living than capitalism, it is immoral to allow anyone to live in abject poverty while others are rich and so socialist government is preferable
There's nothing wrong with buying a high quality product made overseas more cheaply versus buying the equivalent from a USA manufacturer.
Military bootcamp is basically brainwashing. I don't belive it is needed, and frankly immoral.
Section 8 housing does nothing to bring people out of poverty and destroys communities in the process.
When we take any considered action (ie not in the grip of fear or anger etc), we always do so in order to gain a good feeling or to avoid a bad feeling.
Nuclear reactors *if handled correctly* should be used more openly as a power source.
Scotland as part of the UK is the only thing between the UK and an unbroken succession of tory governments.
I think Scotland would be better off to stay in the UK.
If everyone in the world acted like this man, the world would be a safer and a nicer place (link in post)
Season 8 of the Trailer Park Boys was not very good when compared to the other 7
Third party recruiters are a waste of time for professionals.
If you believe that transgender deserves protected status and expanded civil rights, then logically, you must support the same rights for otherkin.
Zoe Quinn did nothing wrong...
Underprivileged kids should get free education/food/accomodation
Door to door/telesales charity fundraising companies like to seem ethical but are based on deception, are inherently predatory and immoral - and if you work for one you share the blame
The USA's renewed military action in Iraq shows they are protecting their oil interests in the region as no action has been taken in similar circumstances in Syria
Getting a well-paid and comfortable job with a Masters degree in synthetic organic chemistry is not likely (USA)
If something doesn't smell or have stains, it isn't dirty.
Couples need to share a common interest or trait (besides mutual attraction) to have a good, long-lasting relationship
People who drive on a suspended or cancelled licence(or without a licence altogether) should be imprisoned.
I don't believe it's possible for a man to find me physically/sexually attractive, even if I lost more weight.
There is no scientific evidence that rape is about power.
A tablet computer is an essential tool for a university student.
We should implement mental health screenings in schools like we have dental screenings, lice screenings, etc..
Epiphanies or supernatural experiences in dreams are mere coincidences.
Mel Robbins is the worst CNN Opinion Writer
As long as the standard of evidence in college rape hearings is "preponderance of evidence", and the accused is not allowed competent counsel, those colleges should not be allowed to expel "convicted" students.
IRS should do taxes for us.
From a libertarian viewpoint, assuming a state is essential, the government should provide a comprehensive healthcare system accessible by all its citizens.
I think High School is an obsolete institution and it's purpose can be replaced by internet learning
I don't feel sorry for Czech soldiers killed in Afghanistan.
I think its wrong that i have to pay for an STI screening at planned parenthood, but women dont.
I believe that the Internet, as it currently stands, does not provide an effective public forum for critical debate and discussion.
Feminism demands equality, which applies to domestic violence as well. It is acceptable for a man to hit a woman who attacks him.
Texting and computers are ultimately ruining the English language
If you were born in America, you're a native American.
I think that beauty pageants objectify women and harm their perception in society.
I do not believe in any paranormal phenomenon experiences may all be explained logically.
I don't see the issue in preordering.
Internet speeds above 20Mbps aren't useful for most people.
I don't like music and I think I can't benefit from listening to it
Political Science/International Relations as an academic field annoys me
When up by 7, it always makes more sense to go for 2 to be up 9 rather than kicking and only being up 8.
Destiny is an utter disappointment
The term "survivor" to refer to victims of sexual assault is inappropriate.
Does the San Diego School District really need a MRAP?
environmental authors who do not release their works as an ebook are hypocrites.
In the Western World Men's rights currently need a greater emphasis than feminism.
Glass is an outdated technology and should be gradually phased out in favor of plastics
You can judge a book by its cover.
the tip system at restaurants is good.
I don't have respect for people who join the American military (help me form my view, because I have unanswered questions)
Drug stores shouldn't sell homeopathic/alternative medicine. And if they do, they should be in a clearly labeled section seperate from the other drugs/medicine.
Because of the nature of its prophet, Islam is a graver threat to the Enlightenment-based foundations of Western society than other religions.
Saying "we" when referring to a sports team is undeserved and arrogant.
If you overpay on your taxes, at the end of the year when you receive your money back, the government should repay you with interest.
Religions should not frown upon pre-marital sex.
It should not be expected that 'moderate muslims' should speak out against ISIS
Ethically, since it is ok to sell your eggs, sperm, and plasma then you should be able to sell your bone marrow.
Treating domestic violence and rape as women's issues is wrong. DV and rape are human issues, and need to be treated as such.
An education system that filters out the best and brightest for enrichment is superior to a system that follows a more "No Child Left Behind" philosophy
I believe that rifles and railguns would be better weapons against the Borg than phasers and proton torpedoes
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, September 06, 2014 - Friday, September 12, 2014
Battlenet mandatory login security is ridiculous and unnecessary
I think popular redditors on Reddit should get paid for their services.
The West should recolonize the Middle East.
New-age cars with "safety features" are creating a less safe driving environment for everyone
I believe that the dollar and all other fiat currencies will collapse within this decade.
I believe that people should pay the same rate of income tax.
Daelin Proudmoore was right
If there was a choice between universal healthcare and a studio apartment, I'd choose the apartment (US).
I feel like a woman is wrong for forgiving a man who abused her even once, can you CMV?
Net Neutrality will lead to a much worse internet, and only expand the revolving door between big businesses and government regulators
A bank robbery that goes well is a victimless crime
It is okay to pirate video games as long as they are not available for purchase in stores or online.
If a fictional love triangle is overt and not subtle, then said love triangle/romance subplot can't be considered "well-written".
Men should be able to choose deny legal and financial responsibility for an unborn child within the same period a woman can have an abortion.
The current system for organizing comments favors speed over content. Subreddits like CMV face the most damage from this system.
Laws banning sagging pants are an unnecessary restriction of freedom that has little or no positive benefit.
I'm beginning to dislike the United States, it's culture, and the general temperament of it's citizens.
Scotland should be an independent country
There are no known sound ethical theories that either integrate or refute the Lockean proviso and also allow for private ownership of scarce resources
If Valve was working on Half-Life 3, we would know about it.
Esperanto should be taught as a second language in American schools, rather than Spanish, French, etc.
Mike Milbury and Ron Artest should have been banned from the NHL/NBA for life.
Aliens would never invade the Earth. The only reason for aliens to come down to the Earth's surface is if they had a scientific interest in our life forms.
I'm optimistic that Dragon Age 3 will be a good game.
English should be the official language of The U.S.A.
Heterosexual sex work is incompatible with gender equality
Zombies (mostly) make no sense
Heterosexuality and homosexuality are both essentially kinks/fetishes
I'm 17, I've been smoking less than 6 cigarettes a week for 3 years and I don't think its bad.
Dallas Buyers Club and future movies should hire actors that fit their characters actual race/gender
Professional sports should be segregated based on weight class and not gender
After watching Star Wars: The Clone Wars, I don't think that Star Wars: Rebels can top it.
September 11th did not forever change the world as we know it.
The crisis in Ukraine will NOT lead to a new cold war/world war
There is no situation where it should be acceptable to hit a man, but not a woman
Secularism will never work in the Muslim world.
Boneless wings are effectively superior to their boned counterparts.
I believe that the hatred for Fox News is unjust and that it is no different than any other major news station
You'd have a far easier time discussing religion, than politics with the average person
To the extent that ISIL is dangerous to the middle east region , the name "ISIL" is more accurate and useful than "ISIS".
Arguing about religion is a huge waste of time.
CMV I believe there are only two genders. And you can only claim to be one at a time.
There is no such thing as a timeless movie, book, play, musical piece, etc.
Hypnosis is a way of letting someone dominate and control your mind, and it probably makes you some kind of kinky pervert
I think the US should not take any action in Syria to combat ISIS
Woman who sleeps around is a slut but a man who sleeps around is a player
People who praise Android phones to deviate from the iPhone "bandwagon/circle-jerk" are in a bandwagon/circle-jerk themselves
Fantasy Football is an AWFUL game because it's almost purely luck-based.
I believe that no matter how drunk you get, so long as you can verbally say yes to or initiate sex, it is not up to the other party to play the role of a walking breathalyzer and not have sex with you. As such, it is not rape.
We should *encourage* sociopaths to try and attain positions of power.
Unpaid internships are no more exploitative than the university education system CMV
There is no afterlife.
For Vocaloid music, the producer should be credited as the artist, not the Vocaloid.
I think Benn Wyatt is right that calzones are superior to Pizza in almost every way.
They internet slowdown campaign is utterly ineffective
The Apple Watch is not revolutionary. People who think it will be as significant as the iPhone are getting ahead of themselves.
I have sympathy for the stereotypical Nice Guy "m'lady" kind of guys.
I believe that the United States of America is a bad country, and never want to settle down there.
Evening showers are better than morning showers
You should not pay taxes until you can legally vote.
Mojang was right to forbid Minecraft server owners from charging extra for core game functionality
In today's information age, the American education system does an extremely poor job of preparing the work force.
Mail trucks should be electric vehicles
Why should I support the cause for net neutrality in the USA as a foreigner (EU)
Too many subreddits have too many rules and reddit would be a better place with restrictions on content posted to subs removed.
We should screen out psychopaths and sociopaths from positions of power over others.
Environmental Activists from the West are reproducing old patterns of colonial expansion and control
Android is better than Apple, be it software, amount of diversity between the devices, looks, and specs between said devices.
Reese's is pronounced Reese's not Reese's.
You should have every right to be toxic to trolls and feeders in ranked League of Legends.
Words in English that end in "-us" should have the plural "-uses", no matter their origin
I am not a Patriot
Religious thought is at best only able to simply get along with science. At their cores, they are essentially incompatible.
A song cannot have a story if it does not contain vocals (although it can have a tone).
My DNA belongs to me and can be patented.
In the US Congress, Senators should represent 5 congressional districts instead of 2 senators per state.
The recent trend of police militarization is both a huge waste of money and a danger to our civil liberties.
The requirement for a president to be 35 years old is ridiculous and singles out a large part of the population
It is not the job of a school to regulate student's social lives.
It is wrong to lose your job over conduct unrelated to your job.
Public corporations are inherently evil, and immoral business practices are caused primarily by the existence of shareholders.
The Golden Rule should be changed to read: "Treat others the way THEY would like to be treated"
I believe that Australia's laws on defamation are fair.
Since money represents production, Citizens United allows the most productive groups to decide how what they produce will be governed. Seems fair to me...no?
Mortgage servicers are crooks.
Democracy is becoming less and less meaningful as populations increase.
If businesses are people, they are sociopaths, and must be harshly controlled.
I don't feel bad for men who lose HALF of "their stuff" in a divorce. I think they are idiots and bear full responsibility for what was, in effect, a stupid business decision.
It must not be the husband's task to sleep on the couch
Given that determinism is true and no free will exists, all human actions are automatic.
I think arguments against equal pay that are based on women's lower productivity are invalid.
If Scotland leaves the UK, clearly the best formal long name would be "The United Kingdom of England, Wales, and Northern Ireland", or the UK for short. I am not set on the commas.
I think the NFL is an out of control sports industry drunk on power &amp; money.
Couples who wait until marriage to lose their virginity, generally end up having terrible sex lives.
Deregulation by a society has never led a private business to contribute back to it in a large way.
The way many universities are treating rape/sexual assault is excessive, alarmist, and bordering on irresponsible.
Criminal record should have no weight on a persons future and should be disclosed.
Better Together horribly mismanaged the campaign and should be held responsible by the public if Scotland votes to go independent
I believe that the liberalisation and relaxation of things such as sex and swearing is negative thing
The Critical Period Hypothesis in Linguistics is false. Any adult with normal cognitive faculties could learn any language more completely than any newborn given the same environment.
Companies add sugar and fat to products because we want them not because they are evil
I think gender identity politics are simply a geo-political tool to be used as a cudgel against nations with different cultural values.
I believe emphasizing that "being gay is born rather than a choice" is irrelevent and gay rights should be the same no matter if homosexuality is born with, nurtured or chosen.
The Ray Rice story has been blown out of proportion and those who want Ray Rice out of the league but are apathetic towards Brandon Marshall and others are hypocrites.
If assisted suicide is legal for people with terminal illnesses, it should also be legal for people with incurable mental illnesses
Ray Rice Should not have been banned from the NFL
Cities that use ticketing for things like street sweeping are morally corrupt.
Janay Palmer getting beat up by ray rice is not funny
freerice.org is a spectacularly ineffective way to make the world a better place, and using it reflects either ignorance or selfishness.
"Vote with your wallet." Is generally ineffective and so it is ideologically an ok argument but a realistically useless one.
It was wrong of the AdviceAnimals mods to ban "Confession Bear" and "Unpopular Opinion Puffin".
I think the "scientific" view on the creation of the universe is much more appealing and imaginative than any religion I've read about.
We should stop using the word 'terrorist' or 'terrorism'
“Moral accountability” doesn't exist and it shouldn't have any weigh on our punishment policy
I find Association Football (soccer) much more action-packed and exciting than American Football (football)
I believe that there's no real difference between a woman being topless and a man being topless.
Restaurants should stop using glass ketchup bottles and switch to plastic
I believe that the negatives of -isms (Atheism, Feminism, ect) outweigh the positives.
I think I should quit my management training and pursue a job I really love
Light Yagami is a boring character and Death Note makes no sense and isn't any good.
Korean schooling is worse than American schooling.
The age for "children" to be tried and sentenced as adults for intentional violent crimes should be lowered to 10, and the sentences carried over into legal adulthood.
I believe people are capable of being prejudiced against robots or artificially intelligent beings, and that that prejudice is a type of racism. Racism against robots is a social issue we will have to deal with in the future.
Officers in the US military should have some kind of minimum experience in the enlisted side to even be considered becoming a O-1.
NFL referees can call "holding" on basically any play they want
Engagement rings and weddings are unnecessary wastes of money
Robin Williams was not a "King of comedy", but a great tragic actor
/r/fitness is not, as a sub-reddit, about actual physical fitness.
My two-year-old son getting to meet his grandparents for the first time trumps your few hours of annoyance.
If I became President of the USA I would void anti-marijuana laws nationwide.
If you fall in love with someone else while married (or in a long term relationship), the most fair thing to do is to end your relationship
The hype and novelty of "Naming a Star" has worn off, but it is disingenuous to call it a "scam".
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, August 30, 2014 - Friday, September 05, 2014
I think ADD/ADHD is a Fabricated Disorder that is highly Over-diagnosed.
Neoconservatism is for idiots . CMV
Globalization neither causes a noticeable increase or decrease in economic inequality in the developing world.
right to basic necessities of life and right to bodily autonomy are fundamentally contradictory, and any meaningful code of ethics must reject one of them.
I believe that any democracy, and/or the specific American system of government, is truly a terrible system that can never work in modern times
Building a PC is pointless.
Piety made a much better final boss than Dominus
The government should get out of marriage
I don't think we should take comedians who speak out actively on politics (like Colbert, or Russel Brand) should be taken seriously and given the least bit attention other than from an entertainment perspective.
I believe controlling ice would be better than controlling fire
Traffic, parking, and towing fines should be considered a violation of the 8th Amendment if the person being charged cannot afford to pay due to unemployment or poor wages.
I think bullfighting is wrong, but rejoicing when a bullfighter is killed is really fucked up.
State and City level "road safety" budgets should include adequate funding for "free" taxi rides for impaired drivers
Skynet has already won. The future is lost.
Killing animals for meat is morally fine; it's the conditions of factory farms and their inevitability under capitalist systems that makes meat-eating immoral.
A benevolent Capitalist company is indistinguishable from a Socialist state.
Minimum wage should be whatever someone is willing to work for.
Nuclear weapons are evil and the UK should scrap them for good
I think its better to be great at one thing than pretty good at a lot of things.
Macs are Worth the High Pricetag
I believe that acceptance of seemingly benign religious views make it impossible to credibly scorn extremist ones.
The US legislative system should not consist of elected officials based on platforms and ideologies, but we should use 21st Century tech to crowdsource government.
Lever faucets are better for sinks than faucets with knobs
Shantel Jackson is a Gold Digger/woman scorned hoping to get revenge by helping Floyd Mayweather fail
Joan Rivers suffered from a mental disease that killed her, and society's inability to call it a disease will lead to many more deaths like it.
I think if a "fat person" tells a "skinny person" they need to gain weight, skinny person isn't in the wrong to tell them to lose weight.
Rawls' "Veil of ignorance" is in the end an appeal to "empathy".
I think Nintendo is underutilizing their assets completely.
People should stop pronouncing English loanwords as if they're speaking their native language.
College classes should be open-ended and assignments like homework not required
I Should Retire My Xbox 360
Leftist critiques of capitalism are inconsistent with their own theories regarding "social contracts"
"Rich" people are parasites, and being obscenely wealthy should be a crime.
The Fender Stratocaster is superior to the Gibson Les Paul
Fresh Topic Friday - 09/05/14
Britain was the hero of WWII
If Scotland becomes independent, the UK will (and should) become a smaller power on a par with the Netherlands or Spain
Passing a drug test should NOT be a requirement to receive or maintain welfare benefits.
In textbooks, the KKK should be referred to as terrorists.
The Death Penalty Should Be Abolished
Political Power Grows Out of the Barrel of a Gun
Adult men should not have to pay child support when the pregnancy was before they turned 18 and the woman was a legal adult.
"Running into the kicker" is one of the worst penalties in football
I believe that Teachers and Professors are the only professions that deserve tenure.
Universities shouldn't hire teachers with strong accents
Game devs have a moral obligation to keep good mechanics from past games in a sequel.
The moral choice system in Dishonored was a terrible design.
Life is too short to care about politics
Attractive people have a huge advantage over unattractive people
Rape without evidence should not be treated as a criminal case
Life is not worth living
It doesn't make sense to consider Laziness a character flaw but not Depression
I don't feel any empathy for the victims of "the Fappening."
Waffle fries are inferior to traditional fries
"Going solo" or a single member of the band "taking the lead" leads to a sharp decline in quality in that musicians body of work.
I only want to have one child.
I'm not convinced there is a substantial difference between lying and failing to tell the truth
Reviews of restaurants by food critics are basically useless and the profession of "food critic" is similarly superfluous.
The suffering caused by the meat industry vastly outweighs its benefits, and as an institution is on a similar level to slavery.
I think that Smogon's tiers and banlist (or an equivalent system) are important, and vital, to a healthy Pokemon metagame.
There's no such thing as a soulmate that exists for a specific person
unions produce mediocrity by providing preventing rewards to hard-working employees and protecting lazy ones from punishment
Mentally disabled students shouldn't be allowed to attend general classes at public schools
US Alcohol taxes should be higher.
Vote-based internet comments tarnish diversity in opinions
I think churches should be tax except.
Popular 90's grunge is inferior compared to all other commonly listened-to music genres.
The beheading of western journalists by ISIS has no net strategic value and is counter to their objective of forming an Islamic state
If the approval rating of Congress is below 20% then they are no longer accurately representing their constituents and all congressmen should have to be re-elected immediately
Camping is a legitimate strategy in First Person Shooters
Tony Dungy was right when he said he wouldn't draft Michael Sam. And that's half Sam's Fault and half the Media's
Sir Patrick Stewart definitely looks like he has aged.
Classical music is a stagnant and authoritarian art form, and its musicians are absolved of needing creativity.
CMV : Masturbating is a sin.
Hyperrealistic paintings/drawings are vain, narcissistic, and pointless.
If guilt is an acceptable weapon in the war against smoking, it should be used in the war against obesity as well.
schools/governments should pay for consumable school supplies for children
To encourage parents to mary and stay married, benefits for children should only go to their married parents
While those involved in originally leaking the celeb photos clearly invaded privacy, the same can't be said about those simply viewing the photos
No one should identify as a feminist, instead they should identify as a smaller school o Feminism.
I think the result of an act shouldn't matter when judging, but the intent and the act itself
The fact that Obama openly admits to having used illegal drugs in his youth, but is not pro-legalization, makes it impossible for me to respect him
The 'desktop' is a horrible concept from a UX point of view, with no redeeming features
Internet service providers should be compensated according to traffic volume
I think victims are not always entirely blameless
Complete annihilation of the territories held by Islamic fundamentalist groups such as ISIS would ultimately do more good than harm
Humankind is not worth saving..
I think the Prostate Cancer Foundation's move of rejecting donations from Reddit was a legit PR move.
Students shouldn't be punished for off-campus behavior
People who are against same sex marriage are practicing religious intolerance and if you are for allowing civil unions, the government should not call them marriages for straight people and civil unions for gay people.
I do not think that taxes going towards welfare spending can be considered as "paying a debt owed to society".
People should be judged only on the basis of their morality/character, rather than any other metric such as wealth or fame.
I don't see why all video game cut scenes should be unskippable
Fistbumps are superior to handshakes and deserve to take over the role of handshakes when meeting friends or strangers
Moral principles, without structural reinforcement, are useless.
The natural-born citizen clause is wrong, outdated, and discriminatory. Naturalized citizens should be allowed to run for President
I believe that "illegal" is not the right word to use in immigration debate
Welfare is a necessary evil.
Mario should be given a position of power or royalty in the Mushroom Kingdom.
I think Anita Sarkeesian is a valid critic who makes many strong points
Video games (and by extension, developers/creators) aren't obligated to adhere to any standards regarding racism, bigotry, misogyny or any other equality-breaking 'isms'.
Atheism as it is represented on the internet is more an attack on the Christian God than the idea of God/gods in and of itself, and the most reasonable non-religious position is Deism.
I believe that discrimination in hiring should not be illegal (for private businesses).
“Chinaman” is no more offensive than similar words like "Englishman", "Frenchman", or "Irishman"
While obesity itself is not unethical, living an obese lifestyle while raising a child should be considered unethical.
Neglecting An Infant Completely is Not Morally Distinct From an Abortion.
I am a feminist and I believe it is the only way to obtain genuine equality.
I think giving directly to the homeless, vagrants, and beggars incentives them to not get out of their rut. Prefer to give to shelters and charities.
I think that life is fundamentally pointless. Change my view.
It is not hypocritical to hate the NSA for online privacy breaches while participating in "The Fappening"
Garfield shouldn't hate mondays because he doesn't work.
A lot like murder, assault, robbery and many other crimes, rape will always exist no matter how much you educate the population, therefore things that prevent it are completely reasonable
That traffic flow would improve if everyone left a (minimum) 3 second gap.
I believe that we treat friendship and love as investment.
It's perfectly ok for people to look at the nude celebrity photos and they aren't hypocrites if they dislike the NSA.
"Playing God" should not be a deterrent from any kind of technological or medical advancement
I believe Islam is a 'scam religion' that's essentially smart enough to piggy back on judeo christian ideas and not veer so far away from it like Mormonism or become a completely different religion altogether like Scientology.
Vehicles should show their brake-lights when they slow down in any case
Most people that complain about income inequality would be perfectly happy to have enough money to qualify for the "1%"
Expecting that people from slum won't understand labored poetry (due to it's peculiar language) isn't a prejudice
Publicly condemning or shaming an individual for a misdeed or unpopular opinion does nothing to influence change in that individual's (or their sympathizers') actions or beliefs.
The "preponderance of evidence" system in US college rape cases is backwards and unfair to men.
Some women find gay men more attractive because they pose as a bigger threat
I believe that employers and employees should be free to negotiate all the terms of employment of said employee with no government interference.
Conspiracy theories are for the most part a way for bitter people to feel better about their lives by convincing themselves the system is all fixed anyway.
There is nothing wrong with bestiality if the animal is not physically hurt.
I think that the best move, in light of the JL Leaks, is for as many people as possible to release nude photos of themselves in response
Pictures and videos of people dying are just as invasive to privacy as any nude photo could ever be
All those Holywood movies about superheros are deliberately produced to stupidify and isolate kids from reality.
"The English Patient" and "Shakespeare in Love" were both perfectly reasonable Best Picture winners.
Affirmitive action is racist, and does nothing to create a more equal, more fair, or more desirable world.
Marriage should not be a responsibility of the State
Telling People to "Just Be Yourself" With Regards to Dating is Horrible Advice.
Holding places in line should be treated as cutting, and it should be discoraged.
The British 3-pin plug and socket is the superior design for domestic mains electricity use, and should become the international standard if one were required.
[Mod Cross-Post] /r/Gaming4Gamers discusses the Zoe Quinn scandal
I believe that voter ID laws are completely logical and don't compromise people's freedom to vote.
A defeat of ISIS, with significant U.S. support, will only pacify Middle East problems. It will not do anything to "fix" the Middle East, possibly making matters worse in the future.
Drug addicts who have quit drugs and become sober shouldn't be celebrated
Not all upvotes / downvotes should be equal, and it needs to be easier for users to block submissions from shit quality posters (for them personally not all of reddit)
"Blogspam" should be allowed if the article is actually good and gets upvotes.
European culture is fundamentally intolerant
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, August 23, 2014 - Friday, August 29, 2014
The obsession with the hygiene of fast-food restaurants is overboard.
You can't teach men not to rape.
Parents of morbidly or near morbidly obese children should be put on trial for child endangerment.
MDMA is as much a date rape drug as any other.
The Islamic State is a state just like any other, and their activity should not be considered any different from all other states
Using traffic stops as a control group to show police target African-Americans is incorrect
I believe telling women not to walk alone at night, wear too revealing of clothing, keep an eye on her drink etc as ways to avoid being a victim of rape is logical and a smart.
The Islamic State will only get worse if it is actively opposed. Instead, soft power should be used to help it evolve into something more moderate
Humans have natural urges for sexual diversity as well as companionship. Monogamy is not a sufficient lifestyle for fulfilling ones needs. Non-monogamy can be done ethically, and takes more communication and maturity to practice successfully.
In "A Few Good Men", Colonel Jessup's rant makes no sense
Cookies are far superior as a celebratory snack than cake or pie
there is nothing wrong with saying "not all X are like that", just like there is nothing wrong with saying "not all prime numbers are odd".
Cortana is more important than John-117 in the Halo universe.
Religion is closer to reality than science is
Welfare you receive isn't "your money", and things like food stamps that make welfare non-discretionary are a good idea.
Humans Are Not Equal and Pursuit of Equality is a Sham
I believe that as a single person, having sex with someone who has a partner (consensually) is not immoral
As long as a celebrity is willing to answer many IAmA unrelated questions, I have no problem with them promoting their new TV show, movie, album, charity, etc...
Accused criminals should generally not have their names or pictures published.
Anyone who sees people of any other political affiliation as automatically less moral is a moron.
I think it's best for Urkraine if it just gives up the Crimean Peninsula.
We should forget trying to stop or reverse climate change and instead devote time and resources to finding ways to live with it.
[SPOILERS] I think all the hate towards Arvo in The Walking Dead Game is overblown.
I believe the mobile version of reddit (such as reddit is fun) are superior to the online version
CMW: Television shows, films, music, books and games should go into public domain after twenty years.
I think that 2 + 2 = 4.
Obedience is not a virtue; it is a flaw of character.
I think organizing a day where everyone wears a skirt or dress to work would help American society accept skirts and dresses as acceptable attire for men.
There is no objectively good or bad music. When someone says "this song is good", they are saying nothing more than "I like this song".
I believe that bigamy laws are both unconstitutional and outdated.
Americans use "obligated" when they actually mean "obliged"
Meritocracy is an impossible ideal, and we as a society must learn how to deal with, adapt to, and work with nepotism.
it is not homophobic to be uncomfortable with gay men sharing the same locker room with straight men.
I believe that the majority of the taste of wine is determined by expectation, and even the most experienced wine drinkers usually can't really tell the difference between variations. CMV
People who donate to their alma mater are wasting their money
I don't think there is anything wrong with visiting sites that show graphic gore or violence.
I believe that ALS bucket meme is harmful, because it detracts money from more important causes
There should be two presidents, one for domestic affairs and one for foreign affairs
I believe it is a complete waste of tax payers money to incarcerate anyone for longer than 5 years for a drug offense.
Change my view - I almost never wear condoms, and I think it's worth the risk.
"Literature" (fictional) should not be a core high-school subject or a key part of any mandatory English class.
Video Games Don't Need to Be Changed
I believe being asexual is most beneficial when it comes to advance as far as possible in life.
It's ok to protect your legroom and personal "bubble" on an airline
Dr. Phil is a sensationalist pseudoscientist who applies none of his previous clinical psychology knowledge
I believe Christianity (and revealed religion in general) is false and even harmful
This California law is not stupid nor was it written by evil people
"Business days" and "weekends" is an outdated concept
The act of forcing police to wear cameras is merely treating a symptom of a problem rather than the cause
Sexual orientation is not completely predetermined, and culture can be a large influence
It is utterly unethical under any circumstances for Scotland to not take on its share of UK debt if it votes for independance
Monogamous people are selfish
Modern popular hip hop is disposable repetitive garbage
news papers and the likes should have have compulsory apologies for inaccurate stories and using illegal means to get those stories the same size, place and layout
I hate cats.
the usual style of landscape photography that you see nowadays- wide angle shots with something like rocks or a log in the foreground and the horizon in the distance- is extremely boring and overdone.
I believe polyamory is stupid.
Religious people are being hypocrites when they are told to love others and treat others with respect and not judge, but ignore it and still feel that God is okay with it
(US)Minimum Wage is Unnecessary and Affects the Economy Negatively
"Exclusive" news stories should be banned.
I think the US should intervene regarding IS
Regardless of validity, people with an individualistic worldview are more likely to succeed in life than people who hold collectivist views
I think acceptance movements are harmful to the individuals they try to accept.
Not everyone should vote and encouraging them to do so is stupid
I don't see any reason to "support" my college bookstore by buying overpriced textbooks from them
Uber and Lyft are bad forms of disruption
Regardless of circumstance, marijuana use should be punished less severely then assault
Skipping is the most underrated form of travel
Standing on the passing side of an escalator is rude and inconsiderate.
I believe that auto insurance companies should NOT be allowed to charge different rates based on age, gender, marital status.
I believe that animals deserve the same rights as human where possible and that it is moral to non-violently liberate them from places of abuse, eg factory farms, slaughterhouses and animal experiment labs.
Captain America was in the right during Marvel's Civil War storyline.
Clothing retailers should not be allowed to pin back clothing on mannequins to make it appear more fitted than it is.
If there are pesticides on produce, they are an ingredient and should be labeled as such.
You shouldn't trust people who are too nice.
The world should have an oligarchy of the smart to guide humanity.
As an individual who wished to remain non-racist, it is counterproductive for me to inform myself about race based research
People who take self-shots that include their chest shouldn't complain if viewers don't focus squarely on their face.
I should change from doing History to Physics.
People who break up for any period of time in the same relationship should not include that time in their total relationship time
I'm growing increasingly uncomfortable with a certain brand of Christianity and those who subscribe to it.
Being proud of something you were born with
The North Korean government is the worst government in the world today.
If you *have* to assign a religion as the "best" religion, then Buddhism is it.
"Troy" is a much better film than "Gladiator."
In a competitive market, the cost of internet consumption should always be proportional to the amount of data consumed, because there ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
Joining the armed forces of a state that is in an active armed conflict against the US is the equivalent of renouncing your citizenship, that being said I have no problem with the assassination of Anwar al-Awlaki nor would I have a problem if Douglas McArthur McCain was killed by the US Gov't
I believe there is no such thing as 'moral.'
If you can't say it publicly you shouldn't say it privately
Most young, single, working people should not own dogs.
While I believe tattoos can serve significant personal meaning, a large number of piercings simply suggests a generally lower amount of self-esteem.
making one's facebook relationship status public (becoming "FBO") is unnecessary until at least getting very serious or engaged.
I think a direct democracy would work if people could only vote if they didn't avoid the facts
It is homophobic to insinuate that gay men are all feminine.
Rewarding children for trying and participating (and winning) is the correct model; those who suggest just awarding the winners are wrong
Ukraine should re-develop nuclear weapons ASAP.
While gender can be decided upon by the person, sex cannot due to genetics and sex, not gender, should be used for medical and other information on forms (as well as gender if necessary)
England/Wales/Northern Ireland should be included in the Scottish independence referendum.
Segregated ( by gender) workplaces would lead to improved productivity.
Professional male tennis players should be paid more than professional women tennis players in Grand Slam events.
American children are educated into an unrealistic, individualistic view of reality, which kills compassion and perpetuates extreme inequality / capitalism
I am only 20, I want to be a father at 22.
I don't really understand "college nationalism".
There is no reason why anyone should be sentenced to a prison term longer than about six months, unless it's a life sentence
Attempts to protect women legally from rape has done more to damage women than help.
Political campaign donations lead to a conflict of interest and should be against the law.
Piracy is not theft
Due to the frequency of fantastically fallacious claims on its behalf, I think we should stop using the word "religion."
Vegetarianism/Veganism are illogical lifestyles
I think the greatest threat to our democracy is an invasive, 24-hour media that does not give our politicians the private space needed to make politically sensitive compromises.
Americans who condemn "the rich," on the simple ground that it's wrong for some people to be so much richer than others, are generally hypocrites.
[CMV] Fanfics aren't worth reading.
Thinking out loud at the workplace is disrespectful and there should be awareness of that.
America's attitude towards sugary soft-drinks is alarming
The 'unlawful arrest' charge, is the only tool that civilians have for defending freedom of speech, and is inefficient and ineffective at doing so for many
There is a large number of the population that area easily mislead and cannot think and reason for themselves. This is the reason we need government regulation on things like employment, health, EPA, and SEC oversight.
It is morally justified to attack cops because the police are enforcers of an unjust, immoral system
A lack of funding isn't the primary reason for the shortcomings of inner-city schools: a lack of family structure is.
Shielding children from sexuality is a bad idea at any age
If Obama were president during 9/11, the country wouldn't have united like they did amongst Bush
It is immoral for Batman to arrest dangerous unreformed supercriminals, like the Joker, instead of killing them.
There is no Such Thing as Cultural Misappropriation.
Philosophy is of great practical relevance.
Food trucks charge too much money.
I don't think some form of psychotherapy (CBT, logotherapy, etc) can help anyone dealing with depression. I think there are cases where people's lives just suck and it's out of their control to fix them
Teenagers should get paid the same rates/wages as adults.
Zoe Quinn is in the wrong.
The exporting of America's manufacturing industry, and the rise of the rest, has contributed to the detriment of most Americans.
Composition books are far worse than spiral notebooks and should not be required in schools
[Mod Post] Think Again - How to Reason and Argue - A Coursera Online Course
Due to the level of computational power we have today, socialist planning is superior to the market
No matter how you word it to them or yourself, having plastic surgery will negatively affect your children.
The US Military has NEVER defended our freedom in the US.
I think most insurances are a weird concept and shouldn't be needed.
The US / Canada border should be opened.
The government should be allowed to arrest or even execute a corporation that's guilty of harming people or the public trust.
The onus is not on an atheist to argue their 'view'.
If the Left thinks that being against immigration is so horrible, they should criticize the Japanese
Abortion is justifiable, but most abortions are immoral
In the United states The personal opinions of a politician should not matter when voting on issues.
I think gender fluidity is a concept made up by the left, and lacks any biological basis
I don't owe my parents anything.
Those who can never contribute to society and those who choose not to should be imprisoned and forced to work or killed.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, August 16, 2014 - Friday, August 22, 2014
Romantic relationships in high school are not worth the trouble
I think that pokemon X/Y is a horrible game.
PETA is no better than the groups it protests
Gift-giving on Holidays like Christmas and in the observation of birthdays detract from the quality of gifts and the meaning behind them.
When I see a Corvette (or similar) with a handicap license plate, parked in a handicapped spot, these words invariably cross my mind: If you regularly get in and out of a vehicle with bucket seats 6" off the ground, you're not handicapped.
Reddit's handling of the Zoe Quinn "conspiracy" has been an appalling display of misogyny
I am convinced that certified doctors who prescribe homeopathic (alleged) medicine should have their job title revoked and be legally punished for scamming gullible people out of their money and probably their health.
That American society is getting better, not worse
True love is only if it is meant to be and lasts forever.
People who get a free drink or do not "pay-it-forward" are not doing anything wrong
Men should pee outside whenever feasible because it saves water (and for some reason feels amazing)
Schools should not teach people to be "active/helpful bystanders" when witnessing an act of bullying.
In the film 500 Days of Summer it is Summer who is in the wrong
In 2-plate states all cars should have two license plates, even those from 1-plate states
With regards to sandwiches, triangular cuts are far superior to rectangular cuts and should be the only ones ever used.
Carbonated soft drinks should be called soda, not pop and definitely not coke.
We could better manage agricultural resources if safe appetite suppressants were recommended (even supplied) by the FDA.
The Mona Lisa is an overrated painting.
Money spent imprisoning non-violent offenders should be comp'd to victims instead
Revan is the greatest character in the Star Wars Universe [SPOILERS]
Besides the extinction of key species, the extinction of many 'popular' animal species would not cause large ecological or environmental changes and is only frowned upon due to the immorality
CMV there is nothing wrong with Voter ID laws
CMV I don't believe the self driving car is currently close to being ready to be released to consumers.
Feelings are instinctual, but how we choose to react to them is optional.
I believe it is okay to dislike reading books, because being a "film buff" is intellectually comparable to being a "bookworm."
Ending a song with a fade-out is generally inferior to giving it an actual musical conclusion.
I think Halloween should be moved to the last Saturday in October.
Automatic toilets are discriminatory, wasteful, and are the epitome of laziness in our society. We should stop replacing manual toilets.
A slightly higher tax rate for the rich doesn't remove the incentive to work
The minimum age at which an individual may be tried as an adult in a criminal case should be, wait for it, 18 years of age.
A Wired Mouse is better than a Wireless mouse.
I think you shouldn't have to repeatedly include all sexual orientations in your blog posts to include everyone
If you are non-native...write it down, its mandatory.
The fact that I feel no compulsion to document my life with pictures of myself, surroundings, friends or family, is not something I should correct.
To conservatives, abortion is not a women's issue.
I believe that if Democrats are going to support their constituents (the poor) through food stamps and welfare, then they should have to give things to the rest of us as well.
I think telling people they shouldn't be sad because others have it worse is fine.
I think the idea that anonymity turns people into assholes is exaggerated.
Its wrong and even disingenuous to make any generalization about feminists or feminism. For good or for ill.
Most conspiracies are more plausible than new earth creationism or even religion itself.
I think the war in Iraq is the largest mistake the USA has ever made.
People who can only be friends with those who agree with their political views are shallow and immature
Police officers should be required to wear cameras similar to dashcams
The causes of human difference in belief about morality is more often attributable to people having inconsistent or wrong beliefs about the world rather than by differences in perception
I think polling should be banned before an election, as it sways votes from candidates that would otherwise perform better
regular toilet stalls are superior to handicapped stalls
Organ sale should be legalized
The UK should abolish its nuclear deterrent.
Reading/watching world news only contributes to needless anxiety, fear, and worry that perpetuates unhappiness and does no good to most people.
Books rely too much on the reader's imagination and experiences such that it detracts the truth of what the author is trying to illustrate or describe.
If all men are created equal, there is no reason to have immigration laws other than elitism.
I think if Obama was a Republican the story of him playing golf after the James Foley press conference would have been on the front page of Reddit.
There ought to be a greater emphasis on police caught doing good deeds instead of police caught killing people.
I see nothing wrong with religion in government if it is purely symbolic and does not affect people's lives
Legally, there should be no difference between watching the James Foley execution video and watching free child pornography.
All forms of military and police forse should be required to wear cameras, and if they're turned off while on duty they get fired instantly.
Governents who charge and punish individuals during time of war, who are against conscription ( pacafists ) etc , have no right to do this , on an ethical and moral level .
stories about reporters are a circlejerk
I am not racist
I think police should not carry lethal weapons.
I have outlined a form of democracy that would be far better than what currently exists
Democracy is a horribly inefficient and flawed system.
allegations of criminal conduct by police officers should be reviewed and tried by special prosecutors.
There is nothing intrinsicly wrong with the word "Nigger"
I believe most people who argue against "Communism" or "Socialism" are grossly under informed as to what those terms actually mean, and people who think the Soviet Union and China are/were communist don't know what they are talking about.
As a Californian, I don't feel the need to conserve water as long as agribusinesses are allowed to keep wasting water by growing rice in the valley.
The second amendment is specifically so citizens can protect themselves from oppression such as we are seeing in Ferguson right now.
I believe Doxing officers is the right way to go when the law itself protects them when they clearly are abusing their power.
On a macro-histoical level, we are experiencing the death throes of Religion
"There is no evidence that God DOESN'T exist" is not a valid argument against atheism.
The american government will at minimum be "non functional" until at least 2020, and even perhaps later (assuming a D wins 2016 presidential election)
I believe that awareness raising fads like the ice bucket challenge, while their causes are legitimate, are ultimately distracting and counter-productive.
I believe that global warming is definitely happening, but is not something major and human influence on it is minimal.
One dollar, one vote, is better than our current voting system
'No Participation' links are more trouble to users than they are worth to communities.
Jeremy Daugherty, twitter user who photoshopped The Purge poster, should be fined for creating public panic in Louisville
I don't think photography should be considered as an art and more of a technical skill. No matter how artistic some photos can be it is not art.
I feel that parties generally start far too late, and go on for far too long, and would argue that parties that start at around 3pm are almost always superior.
I believe that Atheism is hypocritical and just as narrow-minded and dogmatic as religion.
I believe that the British monarchy should not be abolished
Islam is an inherently violent religion, or at least more violent than others.
Ideal US foreign policy in the Middle East: fuck 'em.
Trying to find meaning in life or the universe is useless.
I feel that the fundamental problem in American politics is a dangerously ill-informed populace
I believe that a genuine democracy is possible.
No matter what ISIS does, no matter how barbaric and completely fucked their actions become, a carpet-bombing of the Middle East is not the answer and anyone in the free world who suggests so should be ashamed of themselves.
I should not have biological kids, I should either adopt or not have any.
I beleive the majority of people who are doing the 'ALS Icebucket challenge" are narcissistic and don't care about the charity.
By raising a family in the suburbs, the parents are condemning the children to boredom, dependence, inactivity, and expense.
"Cultural appropriation" is not inherently racist
I believe the ALS Ice Bucket challenge isn't a waste of water and is beneficial
For skilled players, in Super Mario Bros. 2, Luigi is superior to Princess Peach in every meaningful way.
Concealing my identity online us not important and a waste of time.
I don't believe animal cruelty laws should exist.
"Don't ask fishing advice from the fish; ask the fisherman instead." This is good dating advice for men.
I think Shelley's "Ozymandias" is not as good a poem as Smith's "On a Stupendous Leg of Granite"
Anything that is paranormal, things like death not being the end of it, people having a sixth sense, people being able to see or feel the future, are non-existant and that's the fact of it. CMV!
We tend to grossly misuse the term "lazy".
If someone attacks you unjustly, it's ethical and rational to beat them until they are unconscious
Israel &amp; Hamas could cooperate.
Adolescents should never be protected from the truth; they should be taught everything including how to cope with harsh reality. I believe this is one of the biggest parenting errors our culture frequently makes
Arguing solely based on logic and evidence, one could not come to the conclusion that there is(theism) or isn't a god(atheism)
Anyone protesting for Michael Brown is automatically an idiot.
I believe that publicly funded universities should should remove gender-specific and race-specific scholarships.
I think we should have mandatory birth minimums and restrictions based on education, military service, awards, income, etc.
Even though I'm liberal, since I live in a red state and county I should register as Republican to have a say in political elections via primaries.
"Nightcore mixes" are the most creatively bankrupt thing you can do to a song.
The release of the CCTV footage of Michael Brown is not character assassination, but a vital component of the incident that helps all parties understand the context of the shooting and the state of mind of the individuals involved.
I believe that there are currently FIVE continents: Eurasia, Africa, North America, South America and Australia.
I cant see how "Taxi Driver" is considered to be one of the greatest movies of all time.
Tupac Shakur was a violent rapist who glorified gang culture in his music and never lived up to the 'peace loving messenger' image he's developed today.
When walking, it's ideal to conform to the basic traffic norm of staying on the right.
Most density restrictions hurt communities.
It's not unethical for me to sue my former landlord
I see no reason to have children. Any parents in this sub?
If you don't give your SO head on the regular, they're not that significant to you.
I believe that smoking (if moderated) isnt as bad as it is thought to be
The criticism of fictional works that scenes, excerpts or chapters "don't add to or drive the narrative" is illegitimate.
I think American society has shown itself to be unworthy of the right to bear arms.
Any coherent, logical definition of "sports" either includes eSports or excludes a wide amount of "traditional" sports, including Olympic sports.
I think it's more cruel to falsely give the people of places like /r/foreveralone hope than it is to treat them as they are normally treated
We should prohibit some people from possessing or consuming alcohol like we do with firearms
The age of majority should be moved to 25, since the prefrontal cortex does not fully develop until 25 or so.
I think that bringing up rights when discussing policy is unproductive.
What happened in the 2000 presidential election was not democratic
It would be wrong for me to sing along to a rap verse with the n-word as a white person when seeing the rapper at a live event
Being a man or a woman is not a choice and does not rely on identity.
I don't live in a democracy
If I am going at or above the speed limit, and you are wanting to pass me, the burden is on you to move over to a different lane to pass me, not on myself.
Mechanical keyboards are a waste of money and there's no reason to get them instead of ultra-flat/laptop-style scissor-switch keyboards.
Inheritance should be abolished
Convicted criminals should be ineligible for private welfare
Statutory rape, though it shouldn't be condoned, is in most cases not nearly as bad as regular rape
The idea that the US should not spy on other countries and should not develop cyberweapons is ludicrous
We should absolutely be worried about Artificial Intelligences and increasingly complex systems. We need to be taking measures now.
American congress is the worst its been since the just before the civil war
Discrimination against short people is no better morally than discrimination against black people, but it is more socially accepted
The NFL is slowly devolving into an entertainment and ratings-based circus.
I'm an Arab American and don't mind the fact that the NSA has access to all my personal stuff, I actually like it.
There is no rational reason to believe in Anarcho-Primitivism
I believe that if eating huge amounts of meat is OK then fur is OK too.
Ludology or Narratology, I agree with neither, or both?
I believe that people do not know what is best for them and a realistically utopian society would have extremely strict laws that were absolutely enforced and accepted.
There can not be an omniscient all-knowing God if humans have free will. The two can't coexist.
Arrested Development is not a funny show
I don't believe that it's right to force a vegan diet upon my future children
I think TV shows/movies/music/etc. should focus on telling good stories and having good memorable characters rather than being, "Hip" or, "Cool"
The immigrants found in a Tilbury container were not victims but criminals
The overwhelming amount of atrocities in history have been the result of Left Wing governments.
I think it is a waste of both time, energy and money running/biking for cancer. Why not clean homes or have a bake sale for money?
It is anti-debate to suggest further reading rather than summarising the basis of your argument yourself.
Gazans deserve what they got in their recent wars with Israel... Along with the blockades and all these other things that are currently causing them suffering... change my view please.
I don't think incest between consenting persons is wrong, and that incestuous couples should have the same marriage rights as those in the LGBT community are fighting for.
2 million dollar pools should be socially unacceptable.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, August 09, 2014 - Friday, August 15, 2014
I believe that it is acceptable to drive with your hazard lights on during heavy rain
K-12 teachers shouldn't get tenure
Humans aren't very different from other animals when it comes to social structure and mating.
I think that organ donation should be mandated after one dies
I think that the LGBTQI movement is running itself to the ground.
Flamboyant, over-the-top, 'flaming' gay people are more harm to achieving equality than good.
I think income inequality is a good thing.
Mass Surveillance has little to no benefits
Triangles are a superior shape in which to slice your sandwich.
If atheists held the same standards of evidence to their lack of faith as they do to religion, most atheists would be agnostic instead of atheist
Westerners have no right to be angry at poachers who kill endangered animals
Automation will not be a problem in the future
Gadgetry is doing more bad for MEDC's but is doing good for LEDC's
I think conspiracy theorists are retards
Cable channels should be unbundled and bandwidth from failed channels given to internet
Browsing the internet is the contemporary equivalent of reading a novel
Final Fantasy and many other video games got it backwards: The spell Cure should heal status ailments, and the spell Heal should restore health.
Street lights are wasteful and often counterproductive.
I believe that it is okay for me to compare myself with others
Police Officers Who Cover Their Badges On Duty Are Not Acting Under Color of Law and Should Be Treated as Vigilante Civilians
Life is meaningless, and there's no point to trying to prolong it as much as possible.
Indecisiveness is better than a bad decision
As an international student who will shortly begin studying in Scotland, I have no place voting in the upcoming referendum.
Bitcoin is bad in the long run, because it is unregulated and therefore attracts criminal organizations.
Humans eating animals is primitive and cruel.
Kids are better off growing up dirty.
I don't believe men and women have been equal historically, are equal today, or should be equal going forward.
I believe that Rachel had no right to get mad at Ross for sleeping with another girl while they were on a break.
Listening to a book is the same as reading it.
Americans would never rise up in protest to defend their freedoms
99.9% of reddit discussion about Israel/Palestine conflict doesn't involve actual Palestinians. Therefore it's not actually reflecting PA opinions.
In developed countries, parents don't really raise their children.
The spear was the best weapon humans ever have developed.
In the next 20-30 years Chess will be 'solved' (weak solution).
American's fear of one another is leading to the decline of the US
Dumping a bucket ice water on my head for ALS awareness is incredibly stupid and accomplishes nothing significant.
Male ephebophilia is a euphemism for dudes being creepy and/or insecure
People unwilling to take -or who are (constantly) forgetting- their prescribed pharmaceutical drugs shouldn't get related medical procedures subsidised
People on welfare should be required to take drug tests, and be placed on birth control.
The Earth Liberation Front deserves no sympathy towards the methods used to support their cause of a better environment
The Ferguson MO police are under no obligation to release the name of the officer accused of shooting Michael Brown.
People who trick/prank cops for youtube videos should be ticketed
Michael Brown was lynched
Doctorates in fields like "midieval literature" are not as valuable or respectable as research doctorates in fields such as engineering.
The mainstream media is swirling the toilet bowl into mediocrity, and nothing can save it.
"Civilian Blending" is an unstoppable strategy. The U.S. can't defeat IS without enormous and unacceptable civilian casualties. IS is going to win.
Children should not watch modern television, specifically commercials.
The Beatle's were the first to do so many breakthroughs in music (as seen in another recent CMV) but it is no longer possible for any musician to have as many breakthroughs in their life. In fact, I don't think it is possible to do as many 'new' things in any medium anymore.
I believe the situation in Ferguson is both the police and the citizens fault and rioting is accomplishing nothing
For the majority of cases, depression can be treated without medication.
I believe that stricter gun laws would only cause more problems and that gun education needs to be promoted.
Shark Week is bad for sharks and the overall health of our oceans.
I don't believe that what's happening in Ferguson is a sign of impending fascism
There's no good reason to wear sunscreen, unless you work as a lifeguard.
I shouldn't try to get US citizenship... yet
Race doesn't exist, and I am not obligated to act as if it does
I believe GMO products should be labeled and looked at skeptically by everyone.
I am completely screwed and depressed for college as my only choices are to continue my (discouraged) current major, switch into something else (penalized by time, money, opportunity costs), or drop out all together. I believe dropping out is the best approach.
The Beatles were a basic-alright pop band that today are legendary because a generation remembers them with rose colored glasses
Dressing provocatively and then complaining about receiving too much sexual attention is like dressing like a clown and then complaining about too many people asking for ballon animals.
I don't think animals should have rights
Many of my working class and poor facebook friends post things supporting the GOP. I'm about to start voting GOP simply to help these people hurt themselves. "Poor" and vote against your own self interests? Let me help you with that.
6 months is the minimimal amount of time before you have sex with somebody new. Along with 0, 3 and 6 month std tests
I believe that a person cannot both be a serious environmentalist and have children.
World War II was extremely good for America and America's involvement in the war was purely based on self-interest.
Media Studies is as "Valid" a subject as English Literature
I think Justice can be achieved outside of the law.
The U.S. should step up its airstrikes against ISIS as it is a terrorist organization that should be destroyed.
Any media is good media and Comcast stands to benefit from constantly being in the spotlight on Reddit.
Apple computers are for old people and the technologically illiterate. Anybody else that using Apple products have bought into marketing. (Not just a fanboy, please read)
I think /r/childfree is a pointless and stupid subreddit
I think that road cyclists in the US give cycling a bad image
All lawyers and courtrooms should be abolished, and sentencing for criminals only carried out by a panel of three judges.
Aborting a fetus that has a severe disability shouldn't be looked down apon
I should not join Scientology
Freely available contraception is the ultimate gender equalizer, especially for women.
It is in poor taste for someone to make statements about same-sex marriage during a straight wedding.
Killing your henchman to demonstrate a point is poor leadership.
Anyone willing to be vegetarian for moral reasons should should go vegan.
You should be allowed to use a device that records everything you see or hear, at all times.
Life in the countryside better fosters social and environmental values.
It is in the best interest of the Jewish population of Israel to pursue the creation of a single, binational state encompassing both Israel and Palestine.
I think it makes perfect sense that black people are stop/frisked at a higher percentage.
In a country that is founded on the principles of liberty and forging your own path, the idea of birth based citizenship is ridiculous.
Second hand smoking isn't as lethal and dangerous as everyone tends to believe
It is impossible to be authentic.
I don't fear death, and I find the idea of immortality scary and deplorable
You should be able to vote either for OR against political candidates.
Getting into a relationship isn't worth it
There is correlation between genetics and human outcomes, and this might be necessary to factor into social policy
Instrumental music is, all else being equal, a purer experience than sung music.
limiting fossil fuels is the only way to reduce carbon emissions
I think veterens' preference should not exist in all federal jobs
Luck is more responsible for success than hard work.
Besides the horrific crimes against humanity, I think European imperialism helped to connect the world and overall was beneficial to humanity.
I don't think that retiring MIB agents should be neurolized
I think if you do not vote in elections, you have no right complaining about current affairs
I think smoking cigarettes around people who don't smoke them is one of the rudest things you can do
One of the most effective ways to reduce and limit Antisemitism in the 21st century will be to do everything possible to de-couple Zionism from Judaism in the global public's eye.
The US founding fathers were hypocrites and the Constitution, the Declaration of Independence, and the very founding of the United States was an effort of the new elite to overpower the old aristocracy of England. Everything else was just rhetoric designed for popular support.
The number 61 is the most aesthetically unpleasing two digit number in Arabic notation.
the military industrial complex and for-profit prisons, in their current form, exist to transfer wealth from American taxpayers to private contractors.
I don't think people should be allowed to make policies that apply to generations after their own.
I think using the term "urban" is more offensive than "black"
Freedom of Speech is Overrated on Online forums
I think Captain Janeway should have been tried in court for the murder of Tuvix and lost her commission
I believe Christians who oppose gay rights and think that women should be allowed leadership are hypocrites.
Suicide is your last unalienable right.
I hate when people use filters for photographs
I believe that some technologies have more downside and risk than many people are willing to acknowledge.
Adoption is better than giving birth to one
I think writing a letter to a senator or a congressman has no effect whatsoever
I don't think Robin Williams is funny
Overpopulation is a big problem in the world right now. Less people will make it a better world.
No movie series will ever have the cultural impact of Star Wars.
CMV I think we should shame people that commit suicide to deter other people from doing it instead of incentivizing it.
I don't believe women's minds are any more complex or difficult to understand than men's. CMV
The United States (and other countries) should end their biofuel subsidies.
I believe race is a proxy for class in all discussions of racial inequality. CMV.
Suicide is the most selfish act a human being can commit. There is absolutely no excuse to end your own life. Depression is not a cause of death...
The Rage Virus from 28 Days Later would have never made it across the ocean to the America's.
Life is a sick joke.
If your a parent, you don't have the right to deprive your child of learning certain things just because it's against your religion.
The Ice Bucket Challenge, that has been making the rounds on Facebook, does nothing for ALS.
I think the majority of people acting upset about the death of a celebrity are ridiculous and are mostly 'jumping on the band wagon'.
Our society places WAY too much importance on sex
A person under the effects of Mescaline, LSD or Psilocybin is no less "in contact" with reality than a sober person.
I believe that smart watches are pointless and not worth buying.
The onus doesn't fall on me to disable AdBlock and help the content creator.
If you downvote, you should also have to leave a comment explaining why.
I'm a guy and I don't consider it superficial for a women to not want to date a man if he doesn't have a car
Jerry Springer, Jeremy Kyle and other people baiting chatshow hosts feel nothing but contempt for their 'guests'.
I believe that 50 shades of grey isn´t dangerous as many feminists are pointing
If Darts and Snooker are considered 'Sports' then Gaming should also be.
A comic book priced at $2.99 or $3.99 is disproportionately expensive to the amount of entertainment that can be garnered from it.
Kidnapping someone and forcibly connecting them to the experience machine is morally justified.
redrawing county borders in Africa and the Middle East, with the goal of decreasing diversity, will only result in larger wars, more rampant repression, and larger loss of life.
Considering the song "Blurred Lines" sexist or misogynist is an example of a double standard
Racism is effectively dead in America
Books are becoming an outdated form of entertainment.
I think the "nice guy" stereotype has been grossly over stigmatized
Shouldn’t DHS and TSA personal be ordered to assist in securing our borders?
I think it's wrong for people to make a living off of YouTube
The iAMA of the Westboro Church was handled disgracefully by Reddit.
I believe the WBC is a hate group, shouldn't be allowed to host an AMA on reddit.
North Korea is not a Dictatorship, but an Absolute Monarchy.
Islam is a violent religion, it has always been a violent religion.
Separation referenda in countries with stable democracies are bad ideas
Religion is a disease that pose a grave threat to humanity and must cured at all cost.
I believe it should be criminal in the U.S. for employees to terminate employment based on the results of a drug test.
All new police officers should be required to have relevant degrees.
The Dark Knight Trilogy is an unfaithful and terrible adaptation of the comics.
I don't think it's unfair for me to expect the employees at GNC's to actually be required to be fit and healthy.
Capitalism is the way of now, but we need communism in the next 20 years.
I don't believe that "minors cannot provide consent" is a legitimate argument in support of statutory rape laws.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, August 02, 2014 - Friday, August 08, 2014
Racial pride is a part of the problem with racism.
I don't see the need for restaurant waiters
Unless it is expected, you should never play any music or any sort of video unless every one around you is okay with it.
I think that the "Strikeout ALS Ice Water Challenge" is not doing any good, but is instead just a stunt.
I think TV talent/ singing contests are just as respectable as any other path to entering and succeeding in the music business.
kanye west is a giant asshole. He isn't a genius at all and has almost no positive qualities.
I don't think it is immoral to offer my WTC dust up for sale, if it fell into my apartment on 9/11
Schools are capitalism's holding cells, but it's an "emperor lacks clothing" scenario so no one states the obvious or does anything about it
I think sports statistical analysis is pointless and a waste of time.
If you are not happy, on average, and/or don't know how to be happy, on average, you should not have kids
I don't see why the name of the artist should affect the value of a work of art, and I think the fact that it does invalidates fine art criticism to some extent.
Bodybuilding isn't a real sport the same as custom car or motorbike or PC building isn't a real sport.
"Queen Elsa" is "Bobby Drake (Iceman)"'s sister.
Any work of art has a message and a value, and different interpretations of that message are not valid value judgments
The opposite opinion on the eternal "fat vs. skinny" battle: why are people hating on skinny girls now?
Meditation is Bad
The President of the United States, Vice President and Members of Congress should be paid A LOT more.
I think that I get get through life fine just by being attractive and being really, really good with people.
On Balance, Public Subsidies for Professional Athletic Organizations in the United States Are a Detriment to Their Local Communities.
It's unfair to say that libertarians "don't care about the poor."
UK - It would be a lot more sensible to say "Scotland, if you don't meet these targets by 'whatever date', then we'll have to consider removing you from the union"
I don't think a person should ever be downvoted below 1 point.
Casual sex, and especially a one night stand, is dehumanization and objectification. And is wrong--for both men and women (no double standard here). I really want view changed and I'll explain what led to this belief inside (please read that part too before responding).
Picking up pennies is not worth your time.
As a rule, I wouldn't hire a felon.
Paper checks are a pain in the ass for everybody, and should be discontinued
If the government deprives me of the means to defend myself/my property, then the government is responsible for my protection.
Selfishness is The Root of All Things Considered "Evil"
Steroids and Other Performance Enhancers Should be Legal for Athletes
TV series are unrivaled better in the original language than dubbed versions
I think Home Owner Associations (HOAs) are good and everyone should live where there is one.
Fresh Topic Friday - 08/08/14
A line from a recent movie that people love is actually terrible. ~~~Guardians of the Galaxy SPOILERS~~~ Don't count on particpants to use tags!
I have trouble seeing Kant's categorical imperative as a non consequentialist theory
Obama Can Have Almost No Effect on the Economy
I believe that after a marriage is over, both parties should walk away without receiving ANYTHING, for example alimony, from their ex.
Magicians that use camera tricks or excessive stooges are not good magicians and are not "doing magic"
(Minor spoilers) Ragnar is absolutely justified in Blood Eagling Jarl Borg.
I don't think that Zionists had the right to occupy already inhabited land just because the Roman empire unjustly destroyed the Kingdom of Israel 2,000 years ago.
I think ending net neutrality is preferable to letting the government regulate the internet as a common good
Intellectual property should be defended as a right
Applesauce is far superior to regular apples
I think feminist activists are more devoted to fighting the sexism of the poor and working classes (street harassment, how much space men take up in the subway), and only pay lip service to fighting the sexism of the well off (lack of female CEO's and politicians, wage disparity).
It isn't offensive to ask to respectfully observe religious practices for personal learning/growth
Richard Stallman is a bigot.
Prisoners should be able to receive physical punishment/torture instead of jail time
"Conventional wisdom" states that you shouldn't talk about religion, politics, or other controversial topics on a first date. I think this makes no sense, and these are great topics for determining compatibility.
I think getting a prenup is a terrible sign for the future health of the marriage.
Cmv: cosleeping should not be encouraged.
2Pac's music was average and only carried by his controversial persona
I believe all standardized tests should be administered by the government.
PC is the master race of gaming.
I believe that if internet fast lanes were legalized, the monopoly/duopoly issue with ISPs would solve itself.
Building permits for small home projects are not much better than bribes to officials, and for the most part, don’t seem to be necessary for public safety
The Islamic State (ISIS) needs to be stopped -- by whatever means necessary.
I think Twitch Streamers should have to pay licensing fees for music that they use in their streams.
Lottery winners should be allowed to remain anonymous.
I think asking people who posted the CMV about source is often detrimental to discussion, unnecessary and plain lazy.
The History Channel should either change its name or its programs.
The secrecy of the U.S. military and intelligence services is mostly harmful.
It is unreasonable for DotA and MOBA players to rage about underperforming players in unranked games. People shouldn't be expected to follow the ins-and-outs of the metagame in a game mode intended to be non-competitive.
I think home schooling is bad for the kids.
The only reasonable thing to do for people from countries not directly involved in an international conflict is to stay neutral
I should avoid dating bisexual men at absolutely all costs for fear of dire health consequences...
I don't believe climate change is happening.
Sexist and racist jokes are funny, as long as turn about is fair play.
No politician who has made it to high ranks has gotten there without corruption being involved at some level.
Police dogs should not be considered anything more than chattel and hurting or killing one should be a civil suit at the most, and definitely not a crime
I don't believe I should have a girlfriend, get married or have kids.
Cutting in line is never acceptable.
The school grading system sucks.
If the biblical God exists, then he is as much or more responsible for human behaviour than humans are.
I believe that nearly every home should have basic hand tools, and basic DIY skills should be taught in public school
Drinking and partying are a waste of time.
A democratic nation should not be wholly inclusive/tolerant, in terms of who they allow to immigrate in, unless they want to risk their culture and way of life.
I think all stop signs should be replaced with yield signs
Advice Animals should get rid of that stupid fucking red pixel!
I think the recent outbreak of ebola in africa is unusual and has the potential to turn into a global pandemic
Houses should be carpeted when cost is not a factor.
Anyone who uses the "Let Me Google That For You" links are being passive aggressive, specially when it comes to someone asking for a source.
I think love is an emotion humans and other animals have to help reproduction and should be recognized as such so we can realize that we don't have to marry or date if we feel love.
Modern society's goal is to take advantage of every person that is willing to submit and only benefit those in charge of it all.
If we knew everything about the state of a person's brain and controlled the sensory input perfectly, we would be able to predict the person's actions perfectly.
Girls attending festivals shouldn't wear provocative clothing since it's a music fest, not the beach or club
I think the best way to deal with beggars it to make them work for money, e.g. by cleaning the area of litter
Switzerland's neutrality is bad for the world
In The Big Lebowski, Jesus is an entirely inconsequential and unnecessary character who was given too much attention for his performance.
Sports are a waste of society's resources.
I think it's moral to engage in nudist sports events and publish the videos of the events online as long as the nudist activities are done privately.
I think spending millions of dollars on a bridge fence to prevent suicides is a complete waste of money.
You are obligated to re-rack weights at the gym after using them.
CMV - public toilets should be unisex
Reincarnation is real, and I've experienced it.
Those youtube troll accounts pretending to be cringeworthy redditors are hilarious and awesome
I believe that with a more competitive economic atmosphere, U.S. culture has become healthier, more focused on success, and disciplined.
People who rise to the top in "public" institutions are seeking personal gain just like everyone else ("private" individuals) but are not subject to the profit and loss mechanism, so they are rarely held accountable for the damage they cause.
I do not believe true libertarian, democratic government can ever exist in the long term
Making rice like noodles in a pot with water is the most simplest and therefore best method.
I don't care what is happening in Israel.
I don't believe that anybody is naturally bad at a subject (like English, Math, Science)
There is no logical reason we should not eat cats and dogs in America.
The Israel-Palestine conflict is a Catch-22 for the Israeli government.
Israel is acting in "bad faith".
I don't believe it's any more racist for me to imitate an Indian accent than it is for me to imitate a British accent.
I believe ENFORCING a minimum wage pay for waiters would alleviate much of the problems we have with tipping.
There is no such thing as "evil"
America is not more "free" than other developed/ "western" nations
political reddits are just endless echo chambers
A single man living in his twenties can easily and comfortably live off of a salary of $35,000 or less in the U.S.
"Growing up", "Settling down" basically getting into an LTR/marriage and starting a family and buying a house in the suburbs is the most overrated thing ever and a huge trap.
The US' obsession with 'parity' in sports is misguided.
If every single member of the Westboro Baptist Church were to be killed and/or suddenly disappear from existence, the world would be a better place
I think gender is a meaningless/useless term.
Getting drunk on purpose is an irresponsible decision
I think that marijuana should be kept illegal everywhere, even for medical use.
Cuckholding is not a real fetish, and no man actually enjoys it.
Celebrities should not request that the public respect their privacy.
The rise of fan art in geek culture (from paintings to music) is keeping people from developing into artists in their own rights.
Something should be done to prevent the final minute of basketball games from taking an extremely long time.
limiting immigration into the United States would help the poor by increasing demand for unskilled labor, thus raising wages for the poor that live in the United States.
I believe that self esteem is pointless in modern days
ISPs should be able to charge extra for high bandwidth (netflix, youtube, hulu) websites.
Democracy cannot be sustained, and will soon fail.
Clapping at the movie theatre when the film finishes is pointless.
I believe if two entities agree to wage war you cannot use death tolls to claim either side is acting more/less ethical than the other
I don't believe I am capable of suffering from drug addiction of any kind.
I believe veterans should not get delayed benefits after service such as the GI Bill, preferential hiring through campaigns such as Show Your Stripes or Hire Heroes, or VA Home Loans.
graphic designers aren't artists, just highly trained computer software users.
A diverse workforce is not an axiomatic good for businesses
There should not be play-offs in MLB.
Batman is good for Gotham because the police could never deal with super villains as effectively as he does.
There is no reason to stay sober if it doesn't damage your goals in life.
Rational thinking is actually rationalization
It is unreasonable to expect people not to impose their moral standards on others
Nuclear energy is terrifying! All nuclear facilities ought to be shut down.
It should be legal in the United States to buy alcohol at any time of day.
Batman is not noble; he's a corporate authoritarian, and the goal of his "defense" of Gotham is only to perpetuate his brand. CMV
I believe being a gold digger or sugar baby is okay
I don't understand transgender people
Models and Celebrities that live on a very small diet shouldn't be viewed upon as disgraceful or as being in a horrible position.
I Don't Think I Should Bother Voting.
israel is fucked up
Defining yourself as an "ally" is pointless.
''Artificial intelligence is an unnatural abomination and a threat to Humanity."
I don't believe that the cultural or scientific victory in Civ V should count as a victory since it makes little sense why achieving space or cultural recognition would make you the world leader
I don't think it's detrimental to servers if I don't tip them
ISIS (Islamic State of Iraq &amp; Syria) does not represent a credible threat to the global community
Instead of awarding Nobel prize for Peace and Literature, it needs to be given for Promoting the Education.
Surveillance cameras should be placed in all public bathrooms and changerooms.
If you are a layman regarding a (descriptive) subject your opinions about these subjects should be whatever the current scientific consensus is.
I believe that you shouldn't have a "gender identity" as your mind is gender-less.
Euthanasia should be legalised
The Iraq war was an abject failure, and the region was better off under the rule of Sadam
I have no reason to lose weight
Cold pizza is a tragedy and people who claim it is as good, or better hot pizza have poor taste.
A person becomes homeless because they live in a society that creates homelessness and not because of anything intrinsic to that person
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, July 26, 2014 - Friday, August 01, 2014
I believe calling a full grown man "cute" is at least mildly insulting.
An algorithm scanning my communication is so different from a human scanning my communication that it can no longer be considered spying.
I do not see any appeal to playing Pokemon (Red and Blue)
If a job can be done more effectively and cheaply by a machine, then it's pointless to have a human do it
The anger and vitriol towards Unidan is overdramatic
Abortion is totally okay in any case.
It is morally and practically unjustifiable to join the Stormcloaks. (Spoilers)
Looks played a role, even in getting counter-culture bands into the spotlight..like Grunge bands
People who get large, visible tattoos are being exceptionally short-sighted or overly optimistic about the future acceptability of such body art.
Being the carrier of a genetic defect, i don't think i should have a second children.
It is logical to commit a crime if the expected outcome is positive.
If the world doesn't value my honesty enough to keep a roof over my head, it doesn't need my honesty anymore.
I don't think income inequality is a problem. There will always be rich people, poor people, and those in the middle.
I believe Ray Rice should have received a harsher punishment for domestic violence than Josh Gordon received for drug abuse.
I think all of human endeavor is a result of the desire to get laid.
Running away from home while under 18, at least in the U.S. Is greater of a risk than what it could relieve.
I don't see how government is something that won't form in an anarchic society, based on the fact that it already has and evolved from such societies.
I see no point in peeling my string cheese into little strands before eating it.
There were not loads of bands as good as Nirvana in late 1980s/early 1990s Seattle
As a middle-class man living in North America, I'm not entitled to an opinion about feminism, Israel-Palestine, abortion, or anything I cannot directly experience or relate to.
I don't believe in science as a means to Truth.
It is just as wrong to discriminate based on income, as it is on sex/race/religion/orientation/etc
I think that if a prisoner is refusing food they should be given a feeding tube. That is what happens to mental patients who refuse to eat.
The ending to the movie rendition of Watchmen was better than the original graphic novel ending
I believe playoff systems in most professional sports should be the best teams, regardless of league/division.
I believe addiction is just a lack of self discipline/control
I think that third-party candidates who don't make voting reform their top priority can't be taken seriously, and may not even take themselves seriously.
Politically correct euphemisms should not be used by intelligent people
Women are the bedrock of Conservatism
I believe tenants should never have to pay a broker's fee when renting a new apartment
Second hand smoke can't possibly be dangerous enough to care about in the real world
Bringing the Ebola Patients Back to the US is a HORRIBLE Idea.
Assuming An Overweight Individual is Lazy is Unfair
Examining the charter (constitution) of Hamas, they deserve what Israel is dishing out on them (link inside).
African American Vernacacular English (AAVE) is inferior to the standard American English dialect and should be done away with (except for the word "y'all"- it's helpful to have a specifically plural 2nd person pronoun).
Hobby Lobby Refusing to Cover Birth Control Doesn't Limit Women's Rights
I think businesses shouldn't give discounts to senior citizens and armed forces
I believe I've come up with a definition of art vs. "not art" that is almost universally applicable.
The Sorting Hat really screws over the Slytherin kids
submitting a comment that consists solely of a pop-culture reference is a sign you are a vacuous infant with nothing to say.
I believe, that current Ebola outbreak in West Africa is just another media induced histery, and there is no reason to get concerned.
Amway isn't a scam
I think that downvoting sincere questions counters the purpose of Reddit as an information forum
The mainstream American media do not have a liberal bias, they have a capitalist bias
The Palestinians have started a war of Propaganda against Israel by holding their own citizens hostage in public spaces that they have turned into military strongholds.
I moved out of Denmark long time ago. I've lived in Germany, France, and currently living in the UK. I plan to move to the US some time in the future. I still believe I've made the correct decision. CMV. (I may go back to Denmark if you successfully change my view).
Monetary profit motivation (especially capitalism) makes it next to impossible for anything to reach its full potential
I believe the recent trend of re-releasing video games for next-gen systems is good for the industry and for the consumer.
women shouldn't be allowed to give birth if the man doesn't want to have a child
I believe that taking anti-depressants is similar to taking mind-altering drugs like marijuana and alcohol, and that the drug is only a band-aid to the problem rather than a solution.
I believe that secular Jewish culture is heinously barbaric.
If you believe Israel has a right to exist, it necessarily follows that the Palestinians have an equal right to destroy Israel and take their land back.
Definitive statements should be taken as hyperbole, instead of literally, and you're a pedant for correcting them.
The Scottish Independence Referendum should be voted on by the whole UK, not just Scottish residents.
In a normal American's life, it is morally wrong to not be a vegetarian.
If I had to choose between hiring a highschool/university kid or an ex-con for a low-skill minimum wage job, I would go with the ex-con every single time
At some point, maybe soon, preparing for World War III may be a better moral option than trying to maintain global peace.
Stephen A. Smith was suspended for domestic abuse commentary but I dont think he said anything wrong.
unidan/unidanx/unidany/etc. should be banned permanently
EDM* Takes more skill/training than 'traditional music'
Medicare benefits should be proportional to contributions
The harassment issues with SDCC and other large cons cannot be solved without some addendum to dress codes.
Critical Thinking / Philosophy should be a core discipline in modern school systems
The atomic bombing of Japan was both morally and militarily justified.
I am uncomfortable when people wear shoes inside the house
The United States is by no metric the greatest country in the world.
The NSA domestic programs prevent terrorism
The issue of money equaling speech is not a black and white issue. Money must = speech at some level in a capitalist democracy. This form of speech should be regulated to some extent due to its harmful effects.
I should call the cops more often
I think the only way to solve the debate about tipping servers in America is to add an automatic 25% gratuity.
I think it is bad parenting to allow an underage child/teenager to consume alcohol.
I don't believe criminal vigilantes raping rapists in prison is morally reprehensible.
I think that the Author's Intention is an important part of interpreting literature
Palestine has no right to exist
These sanctions will help Russia in the long run.
I don't think you should tip at all good or bad services, it's an out dated custom that just encourages employers to pay sub standard "tipped" wage.
folding your clothes and organizing them in a dresser is a better way to store them than throwing them in a large pile.
Nature can adapt to climate change
I believe it is absolutely stupid of Israel to agree to the terms of the 10-year Ceasefire Hamas has offered.
As far as Star wars goes, The clone wars was way worse than the Phantom Menace
Here is how I view the current situation between Israel and Palestine.
Female to Male sex changes must suck, because having an obviously fake penis attached to you would make you feel like a monster.
The expectation for men to put the toilet seat down after urinating is an unreasonable request.
I think it's wrong to get an abortion if the person getting it did nothing to prevent it and them and their baby could live a healthy, regular life
I don't believe that Western intervention in the Middle East, in particular in Afghanistan, has or had much to do with oil.
Teachers should not allowed to tell students to wear deodorant.
Life saving discoveries are detrimental to humanity in the long run
I don't think I should have to tip for bad service
Bridgegate doesn't matter
GMO's are beneficial to the human race and people who are afraid of them are basing their opinions in assumptions and paranoia instead of facts.
Anime and Japanese culture is weird and creepy
I see no redeeming value in The Bachelor/Bachelorette
I believe that the WBC AMA on August 10th is a good thing and shouldn't be ignored because we don't analyze extremes well enough to learn from our history.
I see no point in getting married.
I believe the World Cup and the Olympics should only be hosted in what are referred to as "First World Nations"
I believe that using the N word shouldn't be controversial and that every race should be able to use it.
I believe that the PS4 is a more powerful console than the Xbox One, but the Xbox has more potential.
The American lifestyle is immoral, and unless as an individual Americans are looking to escape and change their lifestyle they are immoral.
If you believe the Judeo-Christian god is real, it's more rational to worship Lucifer.
I don't believe women desire sex nearly as much as men.
I think technology (television, Ipads, music players, computers) is beneficial for young children's entertainment and learning.
I genuinely believe that the formation of an Israeli state was immoral to begin with, and that peace between Israel and Palestine is not possible without the Israeli at least partially ceding its claims to Palestine.
I don't think schools (as we have them) are the most effective method of preparing students for adult life.
I don't believe marriage should be redefined to include same-sex relationships.
Palestinians should be relocated to Jordan and the United States should stop funding Israel
I believe it is impossible to properly judge any government action, because even with media, we never have all the facts
I don't think we have the right to imprison people.
I believe that people with above average reading speed who text and drive have moral superiority over slow readers who text and drive
/r/atheism should be renamed to /r/antitheism
There are no rational arguments as to why undocumented people in the US should be given amnesty
Israel will not stop it's aggression toward Palestine until it gains full control of their lands, and the native population has been purged.
The Last of Us is not a very good video game
I used to work one of the worst jobs in America.
I think being a skillful baseball player not only requires more athleticism than professional gamers, but it also requires more wit, coordination, dexterity, and mental capacity.
This pro-choice article is nothing short of outright libel
Public unions collective bargaining undermine the USA's Democratic Republic.
Nothing in life is a basic or fundamental human right, with the exception of birth, death, and individual freedom of opportunity.
In a classless society, why would anyone choose to go through the hell that is medical school? Classless societies are a pipe dream that will never exist. CMV.
I don't believe there's any inherent morality in dressing modestly nor do I believe there's any inherent immorality in dressing immodestly.
Championship rings/wins are a team stat, not a certain player's determination of greatness.
I am considering grabbing an XBOX One for the new Halo: Master Chief Collection
I think most older video games do not stand the test of time and we only refer to them as "classics" because of our obsession with nostalgia.
Western governments should not pressure African nations to change their anti-gay laws if they are unwilling to accept polygamy
In American elementary schools, American history classes should focus more on the Constitution than on the Declaration of Independence.
The only way Palestine can stand up to Israel is through non-violent protest.
I think size does matter, but 'Largely' due to Porn
Feminists are trying to abolish the wrong double standard, one which is at the root of the problem
reddit 101
I Think Elliot Rodgers would not have done what he did if he had been a woman
The American funeral custom of embalming, facial reconstruction and cosmetics for open-casket viewing is deeply neurotic and bizarre, like taxidermy for the dead
"Finding and accepting who you are" is a waste of time and all together irrelevant.
I think that anyone who honestly reads the history of the Levant from the dawn of man to the present, or at the very least the history of the Levant from 1850 to 2014, they would fall squarely on the side of the Israelis today.
I believe that Standardized Testing in K-12 is important, but should be applied to teachers, not students.
Futurology is frivolous
Superman isn't a very effective illustration of assimilation by an immigrant at all. The Martian Manhunter J'onn J'onz is a far better example
Even if Hamas has placed rockets or weapons in a school/hospital/shelter full of civilians, Israel still is at fault for the civilian deaths that result from bombing that building.
I believe that homosexuality is strongly linked with promiscuity and a highly sexual culture.
I think the protests in Detroit about the water shutoffs are ridiculous.
Bullets are a humane form of execution.
Hamas is a terrorist organization, and the state of Israel should not end their operation until Hamas is disabled or they agree to a disbarment.
I want to start eating meat again after 8 years without--but I still find meat disgusting and scary. Please help me CMV
I think motorists are heavily subsiized by the state, rather than heavily taxed.
Female Intrinsic Corporal Value Vs Male Extrinsic extra-Corporal value
I don't think the term "Jap" as a term for Japanese people is racist.
I don't like Edward Norton as an actor.
I believe that Israel is justified in its strategy of attacking civilian structures housing Hamas missile installations even if there are civilian casualties.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, July 19, 2014 - Friday, July 25, 2014
CMV; an effective way to protect 2nd amendment rights while also limiting potentially mishaps from firearms is to require that all firearms be stored in a central armory unless a dispensation is acquired.
Spiritualism is just low-effort religion
I think there's a good chance global warming will cause human extinction within the century.
I think in a mutual fight situation between a man and a woman, placing the onus for restraint on a man is irresponsible.
I believe that the idea "being a certain race has disadvantages that are completely distinct to that race" is a poor argument for justifying race based affirmation.
I think that Arthur C. Clarke quote about "two possibilities" in regard to extraterrestrial life is completely wrong.
Without a group of real life friends to play with, there is no point even beginning with a MOBA (dota2, LoL)
I believe internet censorship is for the greater good.
That national borders should not be used to restrict the movement of people or goods.
I think executions should be televised.
unless you're already absurdly famous/established, the best way to monetize your music is to use bandcamp
Trans types such as non-binary and gender-fluid are becoming trends with many people identifying as them only doing it for "special points".
Destiny is just a more media hyped, shinier version of Warframe but really is not different otherwise.
The US should be partitioned because good governance is not likely at the scale of 300 million people
Adoption is a positive alternative to being raised by unfit parents or without parental figures at all.
News networks such as CNN or FOX should not have political "experts" since they obviously lean towards one side.
I think there are more than a handful times that the victim is to blame for abuse.
if a person receives child support they should have to prove that all or most of that money directly went to helping that child in some way.
I believe the world should just abandon Israel and Palestine, stop supporting either one, and just let them kill each other until one side wins
I believe that a "world police" is basically a good thing, and that if America has the resources to take that role, it should.
I believe that human consciousness and self-awareness are merely products of a biological mechanism(brain) that can be recreated it said mechanism is understood and perfectly recreated.
I'm living my life like a robot and think emotion is a flaw of humanity.
I believe that the Wilhelm scream should never be used in movies again.
I believe society should attempt to reach unemployed people who stopped looking for work, and offer them any type of job, or at least help companies look into unemployed listings.
NSA mass surveillance is bad
Let's Plays are some of the most overrated content on the internet.
population reduction is key
Ray Rice's Two Game Suspension is Justifiable, but the Suspension's Widespread Criticism is Unnecessary
My town *should* have a ban on on buildings over 50 feet high, as well as a ban on too many residencies per acre.
Quotas and incentives to get men into teaching, nursing, and other female dominated fields should be required to counterbalance female quotas and scholarships.
"soda" taxes don't do anything to solve obesity.
CMV Jim Dale's narration of the Harry Potter books is superior to Stephen Fry's.
I think the debt snowball method of paying down debt is better than any other method
"Who?", "What?", "When?", "Where?", "Why?", and "How?" are redundant artifacts of our brains, and 5 ways of asking the same question.
Caring about athletes and their lives is no different than caring about the lives of other public figures
I think using the term "S.O." when referring to your own boyfriend or girlfriend is unnecessary and only brings more attention to the relationship than it does to overlook it.
I believe that smoking Marijuana is harmful to your lungs. (Don't just downvote please read first)
Only Tampa, Orlando, and Miami areas of Florida have an ecomomy, and SWFL (Fort Myers, Naples, Cape Coral )has none except the retired and snowbirds.
Movie theaters (and other similar places) should install technology that blocks cell phones.
CMV We should do away with 'marriage' altogether, and instead, have legal 'families'. Why shouldn't there be a simple and cheap, legal mechanism to say "this is my family. I am responsible for them and to them, legally and financially"? (I know this has been done before, but hear me out.)
People who don't eat veal shouldn't eat (most) cheese
I believe we should either forbid retirement communities or allow child-free communities for younger adults.
Private prosecutions are a good idea and should be permitted in the US like they are in Canada and the UK. (Fresh Topic Friday)
I think Spiderman 3 (2007) is better than the Amazing Spiderman 2 (2014)
Gender quotas for certain percentage of women in politics are wrong way to increase the number of female politicians. I think it's degrading and offensive to be judged primarily by your reproductive organs rather then your abilities.
It is entirely possible that 2 + 2 = 5.
There is no such thing as a man born in a woman's body
Films and Video Games Generally Objectify Men More Than Women
I don't have a high opinion of journalists in general
Intelligent Design and the Big Bang are not very different at their core.
It is silly to put your child on a leash and I don't respect parents that do.
The Egyptians pyramids are not a triumph; they are a tragedy.
A person who knowingly and unnecessarily consumes factory farmed meat, is morally equivalent to a person who tortures animals for pleasure
Simply because of the fact that your family has lived in a country for a longer time does not give you a greater claim to having been from that country.
I believe that local news stations have an overall negative impact on anyone that watches.
Paranormal Activity was a really boring movie. (Possible spoilers)
Female students shouldn't be allowed to play on male sports teams
I feel that people would face exploitation and abuse under a religious government should Tibet ever gain independence.
News interviews with victims should not end with an upbeat statement that God will get them through this.
The toxicity of the gaming community is uncalled for, harms developers, and inhibits enjoyment of gaming.
I don't think you can make a statistical argument for the existence of aliens when you only have one example of a planet with life.
I don't believe there is a benefit to getting married.
I believe that bicyclists should not be allowed to ride on the roads unless there is a designated bicycle lane on it, and they and their bicycles have been tested, licensed, insured, and inspected.
there are good reasons to believe that 9/11 was an "inside job"
If you enjoy video games, there is no reason you should be annoyed at the principle of achievements.
I feel it's my responsibility to report cheating/infidelity to the wronged party in most every circumstance, because if I was being cheated on I would want people I know to do the same for me. Change my view.
CMV Isreal is commiting genocide
I think the phrase "intolerant of intolerance" is just a new way of being intolerant, and that liberalism is not nearly as inclusive and accepting as it claims
Politics is one of the worst things about humanity.
I think all homeless people should be rounded up, taken out of major city centers, and be put in government camps where they can get treatment
The Daily Show is Just as Partisan/Biased/Propaganda-ish as Fox News, and Neither Should be Viewed as News.
I don't believe that indigeneity should give you any more right to a land than being born there
"Just walk away from your attacker" is incredibly stupid advice.
Basic Income advocates overlook the fact that prices would rise correspondingly, creating a new, higher poverty level
The moustache, facial hair in general, has become the embodiment of evil and the harbinger of bad times.
We should stop worrying about lowering the number of unemployment and instead focus on creating a universal minimum living allowance
The only people who are not supportive of crypto-currencies are those people who don't properly understand them.
It is in my best interest to not vote.
If you are the visual spotter for a blind golfer and your golfer is on a short par 3 water hole, there is no benefit to tell him where the water is. Nothing is gained by knowing where the water is.
I think it is reasonable for North Korea to be upset about the upcoming movie "The Interview," where Seth Rogan and James Franco try to kill Kim Jung-Un.
Video games are a form of art, and a superior one at that.
I believe government is spending way too much money and needs to start saving to cut costs
Sex should be in no regards considered a basic human right when discussing birth control
Democracy is neither desirable nor fundamentally good.
Parents with overweight children should have to take mandatory cooking/nutrition classes.
Police should not be able to use sting operations for victimless crimes.
Voluntary human extinction is the best choice humanity can make
Public healthcare should be thought of similarly to public education
I believe Putin shouldn't be blamed for the unfortunate shooting down of Flight MH17.
I believe that, in certain cases, capital punishment shouldn't have to be humane.
I think the source of all wisdom is suffering.
People are not fat because they are poor. They are poor because they are fat.
Society should reduce the length of the standard workweek from 40 hours to ~24-30
Liberal ideology is seriously weakening the social sciences.
k-12, 80% of the time, should be considered social work first and education second.
/r/CandidFashionPolice is /r/CreepShots reincarnated, and should be banned for the reasons that /r/CreepShots was banned.
Preventing citizens from leaving a country justifies violent revolution
The video of the man in the green shirt being shot by the "Israeli sniper" is propaganda and the man was not actually shot.
People need to stop being fans of college sports.
I'm a moral nihilist.
The personal ownership of self-driving cars will never be allowed due to terrorism concerns.
There's no point to buying video games on release
I think Reddit's downvote button is always going to be used, at least in part, as a 'disagree' button and there's no way to stop it. So Reddit should just try to find a way to embrace it.
In general, I don't think Italians, Jews, or Arabs should be considered "white".
Horrible Bosses is not a great comedy
All Defensive Measures Against Criminals Are Victim Blaming.
I think eating horsemeat is okay.
It should be socially acceptable for men to beat women, as long as it's socially acceptable for women to beat men
I believe spanking your children is a good way for parents to discipline their children.
The Assassin's Creed Unity female character controversy has been blown completely out of proportion. Having only one character model for the protagonist is a perfectly reasonable choice especially for a game with a strict development timeline.
I don't thing driver-less cars will be possible.
The biggest problem with religion isn't the amount of violence waged in its name, but the amount of advancement in science and society that is stifled because of what some believe.
there is nothing wrong with legal loan sharks and payday loan companies.
I believe China's government has had an overwhelmingly positive effect in China and globally.
Shopping at Walmart instead of buying local goods is an example of the Prisoner's Dilemma and it is most advantageous for me to continue shopping at Walmart
Homeless people should not be allowed to own dogs
Common Sociological concepts are all-too-often used as a way to shift blame from oneself to others (aka Society).
The NSFW tag should be reserved for images and not used for text posts
The legendary birds are the least cool/useful/awesome legendary pokemon
People who say "Europe does X better than the US" are, for the most part, completely ignorant of European culture.
Morgan Freeman is the most overused actor in Hollywood.
Killing an adult is worse than killing a child or baby
Interest Should be Banned
I think serving is a low skill job.
Stratifying Secondary Education into Honors/Advanced Placement, et cetera, is Highly Damaging to Student Morale and Achievement.
Male circumcision is pointless and should be thought of in a similar way to female circumcision.
When a 10 year old gets raped and faces execution for no longer being a virgin, this is because a society has deemed her impure. If we're against this judgment as a more civilized society, we should also be against judging or limiting a person's career/life because of online sexual presence.
I believe that the international community should just grant refugee status to anyone who wants it living in Israel/Palestine/gaza strip etc., and then shouldn't interfere further on either side of the conflict since neither side deserves the land.
"The tears of strangers are only water"
Torture is perfectly okay
I think marriage is a waste of money.
I think that Anarcho-Capitalism is too extreme for a couple of reasons
Birth control and abortion should be illegalized and people should be forced to have children up to a point.
Killing with bullets and bombs is essentially no different to killing with mustard gas.
schools should use [+] and [-] when assigning final course letter grades
Video game speed runners should not be able to use exploits to skip portions of the game
The word "literally" should only be used in the context of its original meaning.
Hamas is nothing short of a terrorist organization and Israel has every right to retaliate.
we all need to relax and appreciate what we have a little more.
Some countries have 'less' culture than others.
I don't believe someone should be disallowed to own a gun due to a mental illness.
I don't care about most world news, because I don't believe it pragmatically affects me
I do not believe in a christian God, and I do not believe in evolution. Both have weak supporting evidence.
CMV, please. I think Putin has already gone berserk, he is the first great XXI century mad leader, he will not stop and he will trigger a great genocide (probably within a WWIII) and he will be clasified next to Hitler.
A professional UFC fighter would beat the shit out of Bruce Lee
C-3PO is the worst character in the Star Wars Movies. Yes, I said C-3PO is worse than Jar Jar.
Nascar and formula-1 racing are not a sports.
I believe that children can consent to sex earlier than most states support, that sex offenders get too horrible of a punishment, and that raping a child is not worse than murder and child rapists do not "deserve what they get" in prison.
I should drop out of college and my family is largely responsible for it.
The Westboro Baptist Church should be kicked off all social media sites
Cheerleading is not a sport
Street parking zoned for residents only should not be legal, especially when the residences there have their own driveways.
I don't think "Angles" or "First Impressions of the Earth" by the Strokes deserve all the hate they receive from fans
That NOT being a vegetarian (as a wealthy human being) is morally indefensible. (NB: I myself am a meat-eater)
The world is not-so-slowly devolving into a state of chaos.
We should stop calling millionaires and billionaires who regularly give away relatively minuscule proportions of their wealth, "Generous."
I believe that Israel is morally justified concerning its recent actions in Gaza.
Society (and the economy) are a network and we need to improve the weak nodes not the strong ones
Five-star-ism is converting all ratings to binaries and is making the world worse.
I think the feminist movement was detrimental to society.
Strictly morally speaking, smoking cigarettes is better than drinkinb booze
I don't think public schools should provide/sell food. All students should bring their own food.
I could probably fight off a lone attack dog.
I will never truly be happy until I find someone
The race car is a better vehicle than the dirt bike for 90% of maps on Hill Climb Racing.
Ridesharing companies like Uber and Lyft should be allowed to operate unfettered as they solve many of the problems people face with city-sanctioned taxi services.
/r/againstmensrights is the same as /r/niggers
Gates vs Jobs, Gates won in an epic, immeasurable kind of way
Mainstream american comic books have abysmal writing. Please CMW
The Cleveland Cavaliers should not trade Andrew Wiggins for Kevin Love
To improve transparency and reduce fraud, all public spending should be open record
I think that the use of hyperbole in politics ultimately undermines your own side and radicalizes/emboldens groups which you oppose
I believe that only a welfare state can exist in the future.
government use of paid commenters on social media implies rejection of the principles of democracy.
Gender specific subreddits only perpetuate gender problems
Some people claim to fight against racism while simultaneously holding racist views.
I don't believe we will ever make any significant progress in cancer treatment
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, July 12, 2014 - Friday, July 18, 2014
There is no proof the Christian god ever supported slavery in the Bible and much of OT law is honestly irrelevant by Christian doctrine, so says the Bible.
"Hope" in its broader sense, is just an excuse for inaction.
It is completely ok to manipulate those who choose to remain ignorant
I think that a little girl on CreepShots is very wrong and creepy
There is no right or wrong side in the Israeli-Gaza Conflict, (from an American POV)
I believe mental disorders being caused by a chemical imbalance is a hoax.
Socialism is better than Capitalism
Catch and Release fishing is immoral.
(star wars) Despite their telepathic and telekenetic powers, the Jedi religion is just as foolish as christianity or islam or any other "real" religion.
It should be illegal for ice cream trucks to play music louder than 55 decibels.
Israel should have been established within the borders of Germany as an independent state following the Second World War.
It doesnt matter if determinism is true outside of philosophy, as the illusion of free will is so strong that for all intents and purposes we make our own choices
With the exception of a "I just don't like the taste of meat" argument, it is impossible to justify a non-vegan vegetarian lifestyle.
Everyone has the right to strike no matter who he is employed by.
I should cancel my flights with Malaysia Airlines
I believe that American education is fundamentally flawed because it emphasizes gaming the system over true learning.
Budyko's blanket should be implemented
I believe the systematic, glib misuse of the downvote button in Reddit's voting system has rendered it, and by extension the voting system, moot.
I think that parents who catch others molesting their kids should face consequences for seriously injuring the molester.
I believe when someone close to you dies it is obligatory to tell the people you are with.
I believe that if you have moderate/severe acne, no one will find you attractive.
If it is true that aliens exist, and have the technology and civility to communicate with other civilisations, we are to them what common insects are to us.
Hiding a spare key under the welcome mat is not secure. It is too commonly done and is easy to guess.
It's okay for parents to buy alcohol for for their teenage children as long as they are responsible adults and supervise the consumption
I think it's horrible that the President gets paid less than the lowest paid NBA athlete.
Beer is more complex and interesting than wine.
I think I have a good reason to pirate any game without a proper game-play demo.
Gentrification is a good thing.
Congress should have to take classes when not in session
I believe Razor is an overrated hero and that he doesn't deserve to be picked as often as he is during the Dota 2 TI4 tournament
I believe the media is catering its content to its viewers and is a driving force in political polarization
Religion-based School Segregation Enforces Class Barriers and is Morally Wrong
The Shopping Malls we commonly think of are an idea that has run its course.
Decriminalization of addictive drugs is good, but the state should still force addicts to undergo treatment
Those who believe it is their responsibility to "call others out" have no right to complain about people treating them poorly
Biggie was a better rapper than 2pac.
I believe the VA hospitals should be closed and discontinued completely.
The dead Israeli teenagers should not have mattered and the way in which Israel reacted was completely unjustified and should be condemned
Mark Zuckerberg did nothing wrong in the movie "The Social Network"
It is irrational to avoid Malaysia Airlines
The First World should not legitimize the actions of nations who do not provide basic human rights to their citizens.
I think that tolls on highways should be charged for changing lanes instead of merely entering.
A group home may be opening near me, and I'm afraid that is will be bad for the neighborhood
I prefer my steaks cooked well done, and don't believe there should be any stigma against ordering a steak cooked as such in a restaurant.
There should be no sales tax when buying a used car, no matter what state you live in.
Talking about hypothetical fighting situations(involving oneself) are stupid and just an attempt to show off
Most of Weird Al's songs are not parodies and just exploit the popularity of chart hits
The concepts of human rights is harmful to debate
I believe Andrew Jackson was one of the greatest heros in American History.
I believe Scandinavian countries are the most civilized in the world.
Victims can (hypothetically) share blame (general case), and even when they don't - they may mitigate the blame we place on the perpetrator
I describe everything distastefully feminine as "gay"
There is nothing wrong about drinking alcohol in public.
I am an Atheist with no belief in any forum of supernatural.
Bill Murray is supremely overrated as an actor and isn't all that funny
A large age gap does not matter in a relationship. Read context!
I believe that Americans still have a voice in government and corporations aren't as in control as the public thinks.
I believe that the government's only purpose is to protect the citizens objective rights (volition, property, and life) and thus police, courts and national guard are the only necessary government entities
saying "bless you" when someone sneezes is embarrassing and it's better to just say nothing at all.
I think that screaming "victim blaming" is a way of shunning personal responsibility.
I believe violence and murder are perfectly okay
People ought to be able to secede, individually or collectively, from any political territory at will.
There is no reason to be offended when a fictional character is gender or race swapped.
I believe that private school success is over-hyped
Dysgenics is real, and the only way to avoid collapse is government control of reproduction.
I think basic income is wrong because nobody is "entitled" to money just because they exist.
I believe that a book, movie, album, etc. should only be protected by copyright as long as it's available through legitimate channels.
The distinction between American and British English spelling is pointless and problematic and should be done away with.
I believe that most psychedelic drugs should be legal
It shouldn't be considered greedy or wrong for rich people and business owners to not give to charity.
Teenage girls should not be given birth control pills without their parents’ permission.
Life essentials should be a mandatory subject in high school.
As long as it doesn't deliberately distress others, no one be judged or feel ashamed for their masturbation habits.
I believe the solution to most problems facing societies is to talk about them openly and often.
Iran Having a nuke and missile to go with it is no big deal, they can't do anything with it.
I think supermarkets should start adding a fee for using express lanes if you have more than the stated items.
Nicky Morgan, the new education secretary, is just as awful as Gove.
Parents who do not vaccinate their children should be civilly liable for negligence.
I think mosquito sprayer trucks are bad for humans and the environment and I do not think they are safe to be spraying around neighborhoods
I believe that the current political split between the hard left and the hard right that is causing so many problems in Washington can be traced back to 1998
I believe that sexual abuse is made far worse by societies over the top hate and lack of empathy for paedophiles
Laws against child pornography should be far more lax.
I feel like I would stroll through the Ninja Warrior course
To improve fire safety, all buildings should have a real time log of occupants accessible to the fire department
The common Redditor belief of aborting a fetus solely because of a mental disorder is akin to mass-murder
I believe that mass automation is a bad thing, and will lead to disastrous mass unemployment
To vote in Federal elections, you must pay federal (income) tax.
There's no such thing as death with dignity
Companies that create a culture of doing just enough to hire/keep their employes should not expect their employees to feel any differently about their jobs.
If you can't be pro Israel if you're against annexation of Crimea without being hypocritical
"All" Indians are corrupt business owners.
I don't believe the environment should have to necessarily be preserved.
Regardless of the validity of anthropormorphic Climate Change, we should be implementing plans to prevent it in the future and free our dependence on oil and other fossil fuels.
Drunk driving laws (in the US) are absurd and unjust, and need to be fundamentally reformed
I believe that bullfighting and other forms of "animal cruelty" are as bad as eating animals, since both are done just for human pleasure.Thus, you shouldn't condemn one without condemning the other.
If and when it's feasible, hospitals should regularly do paternity tests for newborn babies.
[MODPOST] We're a trending subreddit today! Hello New Folks!
Homeless people are homeless because they don't try not to be.
Android phones are much better than iPhones.
The solstices and equinoxes should mark the MIDDLE of their respective seasons, not the beginning.
There is nothing wrong with a non-native wearing a native headdress
I think they United States should pass minimum mandatory leave laws.
Online job applications are just about the worst thing to happen to the world
A Macbook is a better long term investment than a Windows computer.
I believe the left-right spectrum is a vast oversimplification and should not be used
Pre-determinism, there is no free will and everything is pre-determined.
I think women's farts need to sound as beautiful as dinner bells. It turns me off for their farts to sound like men's farts. CMV.
The (US) state of New York should be split into two states.
It is easier for women to look hot than it is for men.
People who correct others for using "I could care less" are wasting everyone's time.
There is no justification for the impending MTA strike
I believe that the song "ironic" by Alanis Morissette is unfairly criticized.
I care waaaay too much about what people think.
High demand products (hot toys, new game consoles, cell phones, the Rift, general admission tickets, anything that is expected to sell out) should be auctioned off to bolster markets and put scalpers out of business.
I believe clothing shouldn't have tags and should instead have necessary information printed onto the inside of the garment itself.
The HOV lane should be removed. Limiting access to a lane during rush hours is moronic.
Limits on who can run for office are really limits on who voters are allowed to vote for.
Liberals are not more hateful than conservatives in the United States
At the majority of intersections red lights could and should be treated like interchangeable stop signs
I think that the media shouldn't release the names of criminals not currently at large.
The CIA is nothing short of a terrorist organization.
Circumcision is OKAY in the USA
Euthanisation of severely-disabled newborns is or can sometimes be a moral obligation.
I never give homeless people money.
"The Hunger Games" extremely overrated
Prostitution should be fully legal and regulated. (Perspective of the United States)
Osu! is the best rhythm game.
Countries should be ruled by citizens, not governments
The Genie's powers in Aladdin don't make logical sense.
Ron Weasley is one of the worst characters in popular fiction
Movie trailers are bad and should be avoided
Right to free speech should not be limited by a society's moral standards.
Altruism is self-serving.
If Bitcoin users actually paid all of the required taxes from their transactions, they would never use Bitcoin
This Woman Was Unfair To This Man.
I believe that GM food is proven to be safe and is necessary to stop global warming and organic farming should be discouraged.
Most of US corporate culture will not consider shorts to be professional until a global phenomenon occurs or a century passes
Hobby Lobby shouldn't have to pay for Emergency Contraceptives.
I believe the use of "you white people" as an all encompassing pejorative to establish the relative wrong doing of historical white america is inherently incorrect.
A $750 a month lease payment for the next 40 years will totally be worth it and make me happy.
I see no problem with "invasions of privacy" by government or corporations.
Fraternities and Sororities shouldn't have to accept transsexuals
I really dislike the criticism "overrated." I think it's lazy and discouraging.
Natural Rights do not exist.
I think that making statements such as "It is never the victim's fault" is wrong and counterproductive.
I believe that the position of Designated Hitter makes AL games better than NL games.
Synesthesia is mostly bullshit
I think a guaranteed basic income would lead to massive inflation and exacerbate most of the problems it is intended to solve
Even in the information age, a massive ground war between first world nations is possible.
I think the Citizens United Supreme Court decision should be treated as a threat to national security
CMV I don't think current research trends in machine learning justify the recent increase of people fearing AI apocalypse scenarios
Adblock is NOT wrong
I think we as a species should cease reproducing because life isn't worth it
I think it's ridiculous to ruin any teens life by registering them as sex offenders for doing things with others their age.
The soccer/football time keeping method (counting up to 90 + injury time) is inferior to the counting down and time-stop methods used in other major sports.
I am going on Birthright soon, and I don't think I should boycott Israel.
Search engines shouldn't remove search results due to the EU "Right To Be Forgotten" Law.
Political correctness is a useless and harmful concept.
I don't see how /r/MensRights is a harmful subreddit at all, and has been completely misrepresented and given a bad reputation that it doesn't deserve.
sex should be treated as just an activity that people do, like fishing or watching a movie.
Toby Maguire isn't a terrible actor like everyone makes him out to be.
All sports are zero-sum games.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, July 05, 2014 - Friday, July 11, 2014
Religion has an overall positive impact on society
In order to be convicted of statutory rape, the state should have to prove the defendant had a reason to suspect the victim was over the age of consent.
I do not believe in investing significant amount of resources in treating illnesses and fixing congenital disorders in neonates and or infants.
I believe that paid content on the Internet is the way of the future
I believe the universe is only a complicated chain reaction.
People being offended or even victimized when others choose to engage in technology (mainly cells phones) is uncalled for.
The best thing that could happen to Africa is to develop its manufacturing sector
Pacifism is, at best, an ineffective approach to change and resistance. At worst, it actively aids the forces of repression.
I have no respect for artists/musicians who switch genres/styles
I think compromising on economic policy causes economic stagnation and ends up hurting the economy.
In the event of a zombie apocalypse, the military would easily hold its own.
In order for capitalism to thrive, as it did in the period 1940-1970 in the USA, labor unions must return.
ballots should indicate which candidates are the incumbent
If there is ever a major collapse of civilization, millions of people will be dead in weeks
It's not natural talent, just practise.
I think profanity should not be offensive or taboo.
I think that a supersoaker full of lighter fluid and a lighter are arguably a better stick up weapon than a pistol, and the poor rate of adoption points to a lack of innovative thinking within the criminal element of society.
(US) I believe that all businessmen are terrible and all they care about is money, which is hurting our way of living.
Only criminals should be worried about government snooping
Excessive CEO pay should be done away with as it is a strong contributor to inequality
I think that grammar in most, but not all, cases is pointless
Domestic taxation implies governmental incompetency
I believe that Gerrymandering is a GOOD thing.
Actively trying to puzzle out the plot points and twists in literature or film degrades the experience.
I believe Justin Bieber should be deported for drug crimes, as he has a green card.
Golf is a game of skill, not a sport.
I don't understand why so many people like /r/tumblrinaction
I should not dissociate myself from racists, sexists and people who are otherwise prejudiced or
If the middle eastern conflict is really as simple as Israel wanting peace, yet Palestine wanting only to destroy Israel, why is there so much global support for Palestine?
earnest environmentalists should support hydroponics over organic produce.
It's easy not to be fat
Videos should not be recorded vertically/portrait.
life was better for the average hunter-gatherer than the average modern human.
If I want to wear nothing but a red cape, underwear and cowboy boots to work, I should be able to do so without stigma or harm to my career.
Dichotomizing "hard" drugs and "soft" drugs prevents meaningful and effective abuse prevention
There is no ethical difference between defending yourself with lethal force and asking someone else to do it for you (American gun ownership rights).
'Person Of Color' is a racist term no matter what SJWs say
Politicians should post AMA's (or things closely related)
Marxists apologize for the wrong things to the wrong people
Only nuclear power can now halt global warming.
People should be able to choose how their tax money is spent.
Ascribing responsibility is not a zero-sum-game.
I think we should make a return to carrying cutlery on our person
CMV - Penalty shoot-outs do not allow the better team to win, only the luckier team. They should not be used in knockout round matches in soccer.
The Israel/Palestine Conflict is a mess and most people supporting either side are ignorant.
I believe it is wrong for Batman to bring a teenager in tights with him into dangerous situations.
I have no respect for pacifists, and can't take them seriously.
I believe a person I trust and choose should be able to vote on my behalf in elections.
Corporations are persons because the laws already say they are.
The offside rule in soccer/football is broken, and there's a reasonable fix.
The basic necessities for life should not be something one has to work for.
A georgist land value tax would be beneficial both economically and socially.
I believe there is a better solution to the gun control debate: Pigovian Taxation.
Fuck the police
Men should be able to wear shorts to work, if women are allowed to wear skirts.
Pokemon games are aimed at children, and I wouldn't find them interesting if I tried one now for the first time as an adult.
As a disabled American OIF/OEF combat vet, the Iraq war was a good thing.
I look down upon couples who think their partner's hobby/hobbies are dumb.
Feminists are members of a sexist, anti-male hate group.
I have no problem with cannibalism.
Hamas, Hezbollah, etc are terrorist groups with no intent in fostering peace between Arabs and Jews
Given the current record-breaking drought, I think Los Angeles should turn off ALL water in the greater LA area for one hour every few weeks as a wake-up call to conserve water.
In 150 years I think Hans Zimmer and John Williams portraits will be hanging alongside Beethoven and Mozart.
Cruises are best way to travel on vacation
I believe that any attempt at school reform will fail until we drop these standardized tests, which exist only for political and financial reasons.
I believe that satire has encouraged a "cool to hate" mindset in social media that is damaging society.
I believe that the culture surrounding rocks, crystals, and their 'energy' is juvenile and has no real worth to any of us.
If religious people can opt out of a law due to their views, anyone should be allowed to opt out for any reason.
I believe the US media's obsession with the Israeli/Palestinian conflict is testament to the racism that is pervasive within America.
Brand stubbornness is the only reason the XBOX One and PS4 controllers are different.
Popular US/English pronunciations of foreign words, names, and phrases betray ignorance of the speaker as to the origin and meaning of those words.
The Cochlear implant procedure is something more deaf people should consider.
I think Batman Begins is better than The Dark Knight.
If the left is going to outrage over the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby ruling as unfair to women, it is logically consistent to also insist employers pay for men's condoms.
I do not think we should care about, nor encourage others, to buy locally grown food simply because it was grown close to our geographic area.
Abortion and ethical vegetarianism concerned primarily with the animals actually being consumed are inconsistent with a utilitarian framework
the potential disappearance of polar bears, caused by global warming, would have zero effect on my life.
Sexual assault isn't largely different than any other type of assault.
The New Dr. Who is one of the most overrated shows of all time.
I am an extremely stubborn and narrow-minded person
By having welfare as accessible as it is in the US, we're essentially letting large corporations get away with paying employees below cost of living wages
Pie is significantly better than Cake
Companies should not separate sick time, vacation time, personal time; it should all come from the same pool of hours.
I don't believe "grilled cheese" sandwiches with meat should be called "grilled cheese."
Vegetarianism accomplishes nothing towards the better treatment of animals.
I believe rising health care costs are the biggest problems the U.S. is going to have to face in the coming years, and this inactiveness in Congress will have to stop, soon.
I think disallowing visible tattoos and piercings at a workplace only prolongs the prejudice that tattoos and piercings are for delinquents.
I've always had a problem with saying "Good Morning" and responding to "Good Mornings". I know it seems insignificant...
The inventor of fracking, George Mitchell, hosted conferences in the 1970s around "Limits to Growth." Our leaders today are much less open-minded about possible solutions to global problems.
Drunk men and women are equally responsible for sexual interactions if both are equally intoxicated.
Any sort of supra-utilitarian fashion is inherently vain and is a cheap and flimsy attempt to improve one's outer image.
If you have neck and/or facial tattoos you want to be perceived as dangerous or unapproachable.
I find turn based combat to be tedious and infuriating
I think Niccolo Machiavelli has an undeservedly poor reputation.
In dating it is acceptable and pragmatic to reject people because of their sexual history.
Male urinal etiquette is absurd to me; it is unproductive at best, anti social at worst
CMV I am terrified of death.
By indiscriminately stealing and releasing 160,000 NSA intercepts, Edward Snowden has committed one of the greatest breaches of privacy and civil liberties in history.
Cultural Appropriation is Completely Fine
kitchen soffits are stupid
People who are stuck in a minimum wage job and say it is because society is against them are just lazy
to downvote, you must leave a comment.
Manual transmissions in cars are completely obsolete.
I think most people using a /s tag at the end of a post to show sarcasm on the internet are simply unable to adequately express their sarcasm without blatantly pointing it out. This is should be seen as a sign of lazy or bad writing.
Destiny doesn't look like the revolutionary title it's made out to be
Education is the only way to end intolerance
[Mod Post] Our view on sarcasm in regards to rule 2.
I think that it is unfair that some people do not have to pay for their standardized tests (such as SATs and AP exams) because of lower income, while others do have to.
The Hobby Lobby Supreme Court Decision was Fine
I think that we are becoming a police state.
I think China is producing cheap solar panels in an effort to make the whole world economically dependent on China.
There should be no "freedom of religion" because religion is a bad idea to begin with
Saying "Global warming is real and we're causing it" is vacuous and deceptive.
People who care about spoilers are selfish.
Identifying as alternate genders or being a "Goat-Kin" to say you used to be a goat in a past life, is the biggest load of horseshit ever.
I'm a white native America and I owe nothing to American Indigenous people nor are they entitled to anything beyond what I am entitled to.
If there is an environment that "perfect" capitalism could thrive, in that same environment so could "perfect" socialism
The gameplay of Mass Effect severely undercuts the grandness of the story being told
Politicians should not be allowed to campaign through cold calls
I want to leave America and move to another country, because I hate the direction I think we're moving in, and I want to get out now.
if they steal my bike, it's ok if I steal another one for myself.
Pregnant women should institute a public acknowledgement similar to the "wave" shared between Corvette owners and motorcyclists.
I don't know what to do with my life, so I should just do nothing until I do.
I am uncomfortable inviting the partners of gay/lesbian people to my wedding.
Streaming subscription/ad-based services like Netflix or Spotify are below-average in every area except price, and there is no actual reason to preferring them aside from being a cheapskate.
America is no longer the greatest country on Earth
Using AdBlock is immoral.
Gendered slurs like cunt, dick, bitch, bastard, etc. are not actually oppressive or sexist.
Crimes against the environment and society should be much more harshly punished.
I don't think it's hypocritical of me to support another person's freedom from fatshaming while judging myself via the criteria of weight.
I don't care how I'm going to feel on my death bed. Change my view.
The popular concept of "contextualization" in social ethics is at best hypocrisy and at worst a moral outrage, counter to the principles of justice.
I don't think the concept of countries should exist
Scared of working in Downtown San Francisco (earthquakes)
I think the TSA is useful in the modern day.
The house system at Hogwarts is beyond asinine
Geo Engineering is the only way to prevent catastrophic climate change
I don't believe human life is inherently more valuable or more worthy of protection than other forms of life on earth
Birthdays are meaningless.
If the Republicans win the Senate/add seats in the house, it may be best for Obama to resign to save face and help America.
San Francisco Is Overrated
Lee and Davis should have been hung for treason
Schools should have to provide a quality lunch, free of charge to all students.
Installation art (especially at the Tate Modern) is criminally boring, just Duchamp's Fountain over and over again.
I believe the average relationship model is harmful for personal happiness and mutual love between partners, and alternative models such as polyamory should be more popular.
Not paying for restaurant food, dine and dash, is not a crime and is not worth police investigation
I think digital files should be allowed to be included in people's wills.
I think employees who request their birthdays off from work are taking a day off that is fruitless. That day was important on the day of your birth but when you are a teen and older you can celebrate it on any day you have off.
Products that are natural are always safer and better for you than synthetic or manufactured products.
reddit should ban twitter for link posts
I belive that men over the age of 30 who have sex with a minor should be castrated.
Why should I celebrate 4th of July in America via fireworks, to recreate the sensation of bombs bursting over skies?
Nuclear weapons are the only thing keeping the world from going to complete hell
I don't think a relationship can be abusive unless there is a threat present that is not directly associated with ending the relationship.
I believe that when the courts change a law as a result of a court case, the old law should still apply to that case.
Police should not be able to grab a US citizen and throw them in jail until AFTER they have been proven guilty.
People who play real-life DND and Magic: The Gathering have off-putting personalities. They also have filthy homes and their fathers smell of elderberries, but I'm willing to put those up for debate.
I am probably what you would call a selective racist. I feel bad about it sometimes, and hate isn't good. But all my experiences, and the science, is on my side
I think sex is a one on one activity and is not meant for 3 or more people
I believe that the first time you are caught driving drunk you should be fined heavily and have your license revoked for a certain period of time. The second time you are caught, you should lose all driving privileges for life.
Consulting firms are unnecessarily and arbitrarily elitist in hiring relative to other industries.
Defending circumcision by arguing "it makes their genitalia look better / feel more pleasurable for their partner" is indicative of pedophilia.
We've forgotten how to parent
The recent /r/ChildFree &amp; /r/WatchPeopleDie baby-murder case shows us that internet surveillance can be used for good, and that an extreme focus on privacy can actually be harmful, even deadly.
Women who withhold sex are just as bad as men who expect sex in exchange for gifts.
I would have made the exact same choices as Joel in "The Last of Us" (Huge Spoiler Alerts)
I don't believe in black magic at all, change my view
GMO foods are so widespread that they now affect almost all organic crops as well. Americans should now just eat as best as they can.
teleportation is the best super power. There's no contest when choosing super powers.
Demand does not create jobs, businesses do. Moreover, they should be taxed less.
I believe Half-Life 1 is a much better game than Half-Life 2
I think lacking in willpower/self_control is a valid excuse for one’s bad habits (eating, drinking, smoking and behaviour (being violent, lying etc.)
I Hate Fireworks
I think it would be great if I were a bisexual.
We will never need to colonize the universe because of MEST / STEM Compression. (Matter, Energy, Space, Time)
To reduce distracted driving, listening to music while driving should be technically prohibited
There is no such thing as awakening your true self.
I think death is irrelevant, and anyone who fears it is weak or ignorant
The drinking age should be 18, not 21.
Fresh Topic Friday - 07/04/14
Piercing children is child abuse
There is no need to worry about the surveillance state.
There's an unreasonable stigma against physical, interpersonal violence compared to other methods of harm
The 'women deserve equal pay to men' movement is stupid. Women who are underpaid only have themselves to blame.
American White Culture Exists
I think that being gay is a choice, and that most people who choose to be gay do it for attention.
I believe it is acceptable to hold front-line employees responsible for their employer's actions/policies
much like boxing has weight classes, basketball should have height classes.
People who are pro Affirmative Action for African Americans in regard to college academic admissions must admit that it is only fair that Asian Americans experience similar benefits toward college D1 football and basketball recruitment.
Western military forces should be in the middle east to improving human rights. A world police isn't bad. It's rational to be conceptually opposed to Islam and its increased immigration presence in the west because of the violent threat that Islamic ideology brings.
Tattoos are ultimately a bad idea.
If women can abort when they don't want a kid, men shouldn't have to pay child support if they don't want the kid
The NSA's explicit targeting of websites associated with security and privacy tools, and the people who use or research those tools is ridiculous and should be ended immediately, as it serves no public good
Getting a divorce while raising kids is extremely selfish and irresponsible in the majority of cases.
I believe libertarianism is an absurd political philosophy in a world with 7 billion people.
We over share what used to be private information, and it is disturbing how much strangers can know about us
Citizens United was legally the correct ruling
When someone exploits another person's ignorance, the person to blame is the one exploited.
Batman could defeat Darth Vader in a street fight
I think most video games are a waste of time
There's nothing admirable about reading.
Government holds no authority
The Supreme Court made the correct decision about Hobby Lobby. Everyone who disagrees either doesn't know the facts, is too easily sensationalized, or is being hypocritical.
Physical attributes have genetic components. So do mental attributes, such as intelligence, reasoning, and emotional response to stimuli. In short, your heritage can strongly influence your mental capacity.
I think it makes as much sense to break sports up into male/female categories as it would to break them up into racial categories
The Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) should be repealed
I think the recent USA World Cup fandom had (barely) anything to do with soccer, and everything to do with Nationalism/Patriotism. And I find that worrisome.
Publicly stating you aren't interested in hearing from minority groups in online dating profiles is racist.
Biofortification has virtually no problems
Student Loans aren't as bad as people make them out to be.
All pharmaceutical studies should be required to pre-register the precise research protocol and planned data analysis methods, and to publish data that is as close to raw as is legally permissible.
Inductive reasoning is the ultimate appeal to authority, and if one rejects any appeal to authority, one is rejecting inductive reasoning
It is contradictory to BOTH disallow employers exemption from contraception &amp; abortion coverage AND disallow the teaching of "creationism" in public schools.
Transexual/Transgendered people should not be lumped together with Lesbian, Gay and Bisexual people (LGB/T)
I believe accusations of hypocrisy are childish, and only used by people with no good argument.
The sports that are the "big" sports in America (NFL &amp; MLB) are the least entertaining sports in the world with major leagues that have any kind of significance
I don’t like when people try to separate gender and sexual orientation as two different issues.
The triumph of feminism would result in the imposition of a power structure that is significantly weighted against men.
It is hypocritical to criticize the use of burqas in the Muslim religion while ignoring the inability for women to expose their breasts publicly within most countries.
Parents should not post pictures of their children on social media
Christianity is all-powerful because they stack the deck in their favor.
I don't think the music of pop stars like Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus is that bad and people need to lighten up
Stay at Home Parents who claim it is a "hard job" only find it difficult because they are not very good at it. If they were, it would be an extended vacation.
The term "STI" is misleading and only exists as a way to make sexual transmitted diseases seem less dangerous.
I think the reason there is so much disagreement about whether or not something is racist/sexist etc, is because people don't understand what those terms mean.
Non stealth preoperative transwomen do not belong in women only spaces.
I don't think people should ever settle in relationships, I don't think there is anything wrong in having high standards, and I don't think there is such thing as a bad reason to break up with someone.
3rd wave feminists should just abandon the name and join the egalitarians.
The original FMA anime is far superior to Brotherhood.
An anti-abortion stance is not incompatible with either atheism or libertarianism.
There's no way I can be a practicing Buddhist and a handloader/reloader simultaneously.
I believe that the very existence of the idea of Positive Rights, especially a government guarantee of those rights, is incompatible with the abolition of slavery, and akin to the idea of Original Sin.
It's time we stopped relying on passwords for online security.
Accusing someone of "derailing" a conversation is meaningless in threaded text-based communication like Reddit.
Scientific efforts should be more valued in our society than entertainment and art
Consciousness, whatever else it may be, is interchangeable between/across people, it's what we really are, and it's more accurate to say we're all one consciousness than to say that we're separate.
Iced tea (specifically Arizona) is no better for you than soda.
I feel the United States is beyond any repair as hyper-conservatism is here to stay.
Now that the U.S. is a net exporter of oil, there is no reason that gasoline prices have not decreased -- except avarice and corruption.
Miracle Whip is shit and real mayonnaise is far superior.
There should be a food labeling standard that scores the environmental sustainability of the food.
If one nation is hostile to another nation, that nation in turn should respond with at least equal hostility.
Having blanket government legislation for requiring businesses to provide maternity leave is doing more harm than good.
Opposing gay marriage and supporting welfare programs are both forms of legislating morality. Therefore, the mainstream liberal ideology of criticizing people for legislating their morality is hypocritical.
Compared to women, men have no/way less safe spaces and everything close to one is labeled as sexist/excluding women and is in the process of being taken away.
I refuse to work minimum wage because I know I can do better if I put some thought into it
I see nothing wrong with the stolen Sniper Elite 3 keys being revoked
I find that women who are emotionally abusive in a relationship with a man are given much more sympathy than men who do the same thing, like /r/TheRedPill
earning a master's degree in engineering is not worth the time and effort if I am already in the field I desire.
I think (American) Football is much more fun to watch than soccer.
Sometimes I really feel jealous of women who get cat-called by strangers. I know I shouldn't.
The #LikeAGirl video/campaign fails to address the real underlying issue
Society should treat sex as something important for the quality of life, and try to meet and understand this basic human need.
Inequality in society is not necessarily bad.
I think the US revoking dollar clearing privileges as a form of criminal punishment for banks is fair
I fear that the political Left is using Global Warming as a fear-mongering tactic to pass more authoritarian policies.
I support the legalization of most drugs, but cigarettes should be banned.
I believe world peace is possible if people woke up and realized some very basic scientific facts.
Prisoners should not be used as free labor for the duration of their imprisonment.
[Mod Post] What do you/don't you like about the current appearance (CSS) of CMV?
The Hobby Lobby supreme court decision makes absolutely no sense to me
Biological familial ties are meaningless, and can be destructive.
Parents should not be allowed to smoke tobacco around their children.
BYOD should not be implemented in high schools
People are to offended by words, and that offensive words should be used, to break their power.
I don't think contraception is a part of healthcare, and therefore no health care plan should be forced by law to pay for it.
The Red Pill is unethical, but it offers the best actionable advice for male dating on all of reddit.
The negative reaction to the Hobby Lobby Birth control case is overblown and unwarranted
Your first love is your strongest love
I believe mandatory maternity leave in the U.S. hurts financially responsible people and those without children.
An employer should have no responsibility to provide their employees with health care.
I believe if a person can consent to drive while drunk, and thus be responsible for their actions, they can consent to sex, contracts, and anything else they may later have to be responsible for.
I think lottery/scratch tickets are a waste of time/money
We should standardize the date format to YYYY-MM-DD
Pirating movies, games and books is theft and by doing it you are hurting all the people that help make the content.
Nationalism causes hate and bigotry
the Hobby Lobby decision essentially says only Christian religious beliefs are sincere.
I think expecting women to change their names when they marry will be looked upon as crazy talk in 100 years
I think that people who have racial fetishes (especially toward Asian or black people) are disturbing. CMV
I think at their core, people are pretty evil.
Any religion which recognizes one or more supreme beings with dominion over mankind is incompatible with democracy.
I believe that everything can be attributed to luck, and most people do not believe this is true. I further think this truth should open up people's minds to care about others.
I don't think outer space is very interesting.
I think African Americans today should be grateful for the Atlantic Slave Trade of the 18-19th Century
If you believe personal liberties should be restricted by the law only when it's to prevent harm to others, then you should be in support of any law that would make people be more environmentally friendly, since the greatest threat by humans to humanity is global warming.
A natural law resource based economic model is the only current, viable social model that will solve many of our most pressing issues that we as a global community face.
There shouldn't be a separate museum for African American history in the Smithsonian.
I don't think the recently published Facebook mood study was unethical and I'm glad it was done
It should be illegal for people who know they have heritable diseases to reproduce.
I do not think it's bad, cheap, or unprofessional when sketch-comedy actors break.
The basis of Christianity is immoral: They tell us that we are flawed, but don't fret, we have the solution.
Facebook's "massive-scale emotional contagion" experiment is unethical.
Mankind is the most responsible for recent and ongoing Climate Change.
The human race will never leave the solar system
Window stickers and tags should be eliminated from cars since they have license plates
There's no valid reason for any film to be released at sub-48fps
Sam Winchester is a terrible brother and Dean would be better off without him.
I believe that basic firearm safety should be taught across schools in America.
I think the US should put incredibly high tariffs on all imported international goods.
Jaywalking should be legal.
Humans who will not contribute to humanity in any positive manner should be put to death.
I believe, as a good mother, I should shelter my son from violence and aggressive behaviour as much as possible.
I believe government regulation is necessary to combat an entirely free market.
It should be illegal for American companies to outsource to factories with conditions that would be illegal in America
I believe that blacks are genetically inferior to whites, Asians, and jews as far as intelligence is concerned.
"Not all X are like that" is a completely valid argument.
Sauce makes the meal, not noodle
I don't believe people with severe mental disabilities should graduate. Please, please CMV.
Stealth/rogue/assasin mechanics in multiplayer video games contribute nothing to overall gameplay
Anti-american sentiment should be directed primarily at neoliberals and the corporations and politicians they represent; most U.S. citizens, as individuals of limited economic or political means, lack agency to substantially influence their country's domestic or foreign policy.
In many cases, it is morally permissible or possibly obligatory for superheroes to kill or handicap the supervillain they are fighting.
Polygamy should be legal.
The issue with "nice guys" isn't just that they feel entitled. It's that they want female affection in the first place.
Displaying a Confederate flag outside your house next to an American flag is a flippant dismissal of what it stands for and is unacceptable
America spends too much on Special Education
Cars are an unnecessary evil. We should be pushing toward their non-existence (culturally and structurally, not necessarily legally) even faster than we should be pushing against the non-existence of firearms.
The University of California is the best public university system in the world.
I do not think affirmative action is wrong
I don't find anthropogenic global warming an interesting issue.
Climate change is going to be bad, but predicting specific impacts remains premature...and that's the scariest part.
the Predators are sub par hunters.
Free trade agreements will lead to the end of public services, which will be good for society
Shopping at thrift stores while rich-middle class is wrong.
White Knights or Social Justice Warriors side with feminism because they believe in it, not for attention
It strikes me as a double standard to allow Jehovah's witnesses to refuse transfusion, but disallow people the right to die.
Life is not worth living as i am mostly going to feel sad or indifferent for the rest of my life.
True peace can never exist.
Dredd (2012) is an over all terrible film
Seatbelts ought to be required because they reduce liability for other users on the road
The large amount of testimonial evidence for supernatural events and encounters reflects the amount of mental illness that goes unnoticed in our society.
If we're arresting 90 yr old nazi guards, we should also arrest white cops, sherrifs, and people who beat, bruised and killed black people in the 50s and 60s. And hold politicians accountable for allowing it to happen.
Calling WWII bomber pilots "heroes" is offensive and hypocritical.
I think people are too dramatic about totalitarianism these days CMV.
Requiem for a Dream is an awful movie
Jokes praising Kim Jong Un and North Korea are inappropriate and divert attention away from the atrocities happening in North Korea.
I think the concept of sociological 'privilege' is damaging when used anywhere outside a Sociology book
It should be acceptable for men to piss sitting down.
Birth control shouldn't be covered by health insurance.
Our culture should consider large furniture and appliances as something that comes with the house and that you leave with the house
"Total" net neutrality is impossible
I believe that electric vehicles should not be mass produced... yet
I believe that most (NOT ALL) stop signs could, (and to some extent, should) be replaced by yield signs
It is unreasonable to ban beef even if cow slaughter hurts the religious sentiments of a population.
rideshare programs like Uber, Lyft, and Sidecar are dangerous and need to be either heavily regulated or outlawed
Organ donation should be 'opt out' rather than 'opt in'.
I believe queuing is an important tool, and not queuing is rude.
"Boston Strong" is just a scam to sell T Shirts and bracelets
Most "free" antivirus software are nearly as bad as malware.
Islam's rapid growth is a terrible thing, a bad influence, and threatens the progress we have worked so hard to achieve
The Red Pill focusses on removing women's personal autonomy, and this is dangerous.
The Star Trek holodeck would be the worst invention of all time and may potentially spell the end of the human race.
The "your body is beautiful no matter what" mentality is an unhealthy mentality.
There is absolutely a need to shoot video in portrait mode sometimes.
Long-term Eugenics would be a net positive for humanity
Societal structure is the cause of most depression and unhappiness. I believe spirituality/religion is the answer. Care to CMV?
I believe someone's inheritance should be taxed 90%
Suarez's punishment for biting is disproportionately long.
Phone manufacturers should stop supporting video shot in portrait mode
Internet dating and social networking are destroying humanity's ability to co-operate.
Shouldn't we, as members of society, hold other people accountable for disrespectful acts?
Parents have the right to choose whether or not their children should be vaccinated.
God cannot exist
I believe that there is one true fact behind every relationship, selfishness.
Pirating Video Games is just as bad as pirating music or movies etc.
In League of Legends, the jungler should get the kill for ganks that would not otherwise be completed without him/her.
Suarez should receive a lifetime ban.
I feel if I am not admired by people on a very high level, I am not successful and cannot enjoy life.
Aunt Jemima™ Pancakes and Syrup is racist to my ancestors and should be boycotted until a more race neutral mascot is introduced.
Radical SJW-type leftism is damaging to the welfare and happiness of its participants
Password managers are a bad idea, and I don't trust them to protect my data
Scientific papers should not be kept behind paywalls
There should be a law requiring employers to provide a minimum amount of sick leave.
I believe all police officers should have lapel cameras to monitor their activities while on duty. Change my view.
I regret ever buying DVD's. I wish that VHS's would have been in production until digital downloads were available.
[Modpost] We Are Experimenting With A New Rule
Nascar drivers are some of the best drivers in the world, on par with Formula 1 and Rally Cross drivers.
The world would be better off if everyone in Africa died
I believe some groups (races, nations, etc) of people are superior to others.
Prostitution is between 2 consenting adults and should be legal.
There is nothing wrong with separating one's opinion of an artist's work from one's opinion of that artist in general.
I think that there is nothing wrong with voter ID laws.
AM/PM time is pointless; it would be simpler and more straightforward if everyone started using 24 hour time (e.g. 18:00 vs 6:00pm).
Net Neutrality is anti-capitalism.
People who never played at least varsity high school sports have no grounds to criticize/critically compare sports or athletes.
Why should I care whether rhinos go extinct?
Brining up children and making them adhere to a religious faith is child abuse and should be dealt with by the law.
Calling video games sports.
If a firm is too big to fail and gets bailed out, its leaders should be executed
Facial plastic surgery can turn you into a chick magnet and pave you the way for male modeling.
If a girl hates gender roles and wants everything to be equal between men and women, she can't complain when I leave the seat up
Severe depression is incurable
CMV - Making our children believe that Santa Claus is real sends our kids the wrong message and teaches them that it's ok to lie.
There is no way to justify "Honor Killings" of women deemed to have brought shame or dishonor to their family. (Warning, I think its safe to say some of the answers solicited can severely offend).
I completely wasted my time getting a philosophy degree.
Italy the most beautiful country in the world
I think that corporations should be unable to affect the government.
There is nothing wrong with the way we portray/"objectify" people in the media. (Warning: Long. Read all before responding please.)
Japan was right to specifically exclude artwork in its recent "child pornography" ban. The U.S. should follow its lead.
God is necessary to access objective moral laws
Chris Griffin is the worst character on Family Guy.
Most of the "unwritten rules" of baseball are bullshit.
I think soccer would be more enjoyable without offsides and without a goalie
Prison is less ethical and less effective as a detterent than physical punishment such as caning
Those who encourage donations under false pretenses deserve harsh prison sentences.
I think that referring to selectively bred plants and animals as GMOs in conversation is the same as saying "every control on a car is an accelerator!"
In the absence of evidence, not only is it ok to choose whatever version of reality you want, but it's a sign of a healthy mind to choose the version that makes you happiest.
Global warming is easy and relative inexpensive to solve such that it is not a crisis problem.
It is hypocritical for someone online to refuse to talk to smokers unless said smoker only smokes 420
I believe racism/prejudiced against blacks keeps perpetuating itself in young people in large part due to lack of education on history
CMV Believing in 'sin' is the reason rape is high in the Middle East and Asia.
The majority of people find the British to be the least attractive in Europe
The Men's Rights Movement is a bit extremist, but should get bigger.
I believe any ideology is inherently bad
I see no problem with ridesharing services such as Uber, and Lyft.
I believe that it should be illegal for any public or private institutions to ask for anyone's race
nothing we do is essential, everything is temporary, therefore we should just do what feels good without harming others
I don't think men should have paid paternity leave.
I think smokers are an exploited group.
I don't believe the lack of Women in tech is a problem.
Head-to-head results should be a higher World Cup group play tiebreaker than goals scored.
Downvoting on reddit is censorship and because you are unwilling/incapable of supporting your view.
I think allowing one's death to void any and all bad they ever did is insulting.
the undertaker should have been 22-0, Brock Lesnar was the wrong person to break the streak.
Hitler wasn't that evil
I believe comment section bellow news articles should be heavily moderated to delete anything that isn't related to the article itself and doesn't contribute to the discussion
it is not sexist to be okay with hitting women, provided you are also okay with hitting a man who is weaker than you in that situation. If you think it is, you are being sexist.
I think the recent VA scandal is a prime example of how disastrous it would be for single-payer healthcare in the United States
Making Breathalyzers mandatory equipment in new vehicles will do more to prevent drunk driving than increasing penalties and patrols for DUI/DWI
It doesn't bother me that the leaders of charities make tons of money.
The United States should divert a significant portion of U.S. Navy expenditures to other branches.
women's tennis tournaments are secondary
Suicide is not a selfish or cowardly act
I find myself labeling certain people as inauthentic or fake if they change how they act around different people.
WAS Redskins shouldn't have to change name
Most women, of all ages (not just the young) assign way too much value on physical appearance, which is why so many women "can't find a man" as they claim.
I believe Capital Gains should be taxed at the same rate as Income - i.e. All methods by which individuals acquire money for work should be taxed at the same rate.
I think most current car dealerships are terrible experiences. People should be able to walk into a car dealer, point at a car, and buy it. Consumers should not be forced to go through endless negotiations and people trying to sell them extra stuff.
Big government is always better than small government, and libertarianism is an idiotic, selfish idea.
Neoliberalism is a terrible economic ideology for human economics to be based on.
Throw pillows are only useful for aesthetic purposes.
Killing non-innocents should be legal.
I believe that the reason electric cars are stil a niche thing has nothing to do with the technology and everything to do with corporate ogliopolies and government corruption.
Button flies are superior to zipper flies in almost every way
Success in Formula 1 doesn't depend on drivers. It depends on the cars.
Rapists, child killers, molesters, pedophiles should all face the death penalty.
Marijuana, Tobacco, and Alcohol should all be illegal.
I do not see how biotech can be harmful.
Parents part of the anti-vaccination movement are criminally neglecting and harming their children, and thus should be addressed as such in the court of law.
I think that the right to vote in Canadian elections should be extended to foreigners.
I believe that we should use prediction markets to choose policy.
I believe women's only workout areas are sexist.
I should get vaccinated for HPV.
Lesbians make men redundant
It is time for a new site to replace reddit
People older than 18 years old that starts to smoke cigarettes are weak persons
Victims of child pornography should be able to monetize said product
I am absolutely terrified of mortality and think it just sounds like the worst thing. I have near constant anxiety because of this fear.
Animal life should hold the same value as human life
I should support a movement in America to elect anybody other than a mainstream democrat or republican in 2016.
Recreational Drug Use Bothers Me
I see no reason why men's and women's chess are separate events.
The Burden Of Illegal Immigration Should Be Shared Amongst First World Countries
I feel that black people might genetically be predisposed to anti-social activity/behaviour, and it really upsets me. Please Change My View.
I think there should be an international ban on autonomous killer robots
I believe Sam Harris is a racist for singling out Islam in his criticism of religion
Marlon Brando did not deserve an Oscar for 'The Godfather'
SUVs should be illegal, 4x4s should require a permit
Ordering tacos at Chipotle is always the worst choice.
Poaching and hunting are the same thing, and hunting is no more ecologically friendly than poaching
I do not believe Vaas Montenegro is insane.
I don't think atheist should have scientific evidence as a requirement in order to prove god
I believe Severus Snape was a mostly bad person
It should be viewed as rude and socially unacceptable for Christians to proselytize to strangers.
We should allow Muslim States to fracture.
I believe that all time zones should be abolished and the entire planet should have a single "time."
I don't think violating consent is necessarily unethical (more general than sexual consent)
Legend of Korra is a terrible show
The Scottish independence movement are akin to women who scream for equal rights but only when it suits them
I want to restart my life, and be ignorant.
Banksy is overrated
Education should be completely privatized
I think tattoos are a generational fad and our kids will look back on photos of us and realize how overtly shallow and narcissistic we actually were, and they will cringe.
The stereotypical male response to addressing everyday problems (solve rationally) is objectively better than the stereotypical female response (share emotions)
The marginal tax rate on income should never exceed 50%.
Despite not being the best musician, Skrillex played a large role in popularizing electronic music within the last 5 years.
I am a Homosexual Catholic who believes Homosexual Relationships are wrong. Please, CMV
I think Communism can be successful with a very democraticly-setup government system.
Crimes should not be treated as more severe merely because they resulted in deaths
I think mental health should be given similar educational weight to physical health in schools
Prepubescent children cannot have crushes. People who claim to have had crushes when they were that young are lying to themselves.
The idea that a large, modern, complex society can have a united culture is ridiculous.
Some cultures are better than others.
The Wall will fall (GOT/ASOIAF SPOILERS)
There is no reason to go from windows 8 to 8.1
It's hypocritical/illogical for grass roots tea party/republicans to oppose crony capitalism yet also oppose campaign finance reform
We live in a society where we are too easily offended.
Why can't I play MMORPG games all day and life from "Social Welfare Payment"?
Stupidity is not inherently different from any other form of mental disability. Society should treat them the same.
I think reposts are a good thing
Talent is a depressing concept.
Its not wrong to believe that transgenders are their oroginal genders
I have no ethical issue with so-called "anti-homeless spikes"
There is no scientific reason to believe that all there is is nothingness after I die.
Christianity is the superior Abrahamic religion.
Supporters of the anti-vaccination movement meet the diagnostic criteria for psychiatric illness and should be treated accordingly
Sub-zero is way better than Scorpion
I want to believe in God, but I find it difficult to accept something that has little empirical evidence.
Reddit, whilst appearing as open minded and progressive is actually quite disturbingly racist and regressive.
Contrary to popular belief, the recent change regarding up and down vote counts is completely benign and being blown WAY out of proportion
I never want to die.
Every human being has a moral obligation to protect the environment
Arresting an 89 year old former Auschwitz guard is wrong.
I don't hate the NSA.
Mass Effect 3 was, by far and away, the worst game of the series.
I believe that, in the majority of cases, people should be free to do anything they wish as long as it isn't infringing upon the rights of another individual.
(USA) Using SSN as a form of ID is illogical. Relying on this ID has destroyed the point of SSN.
There is no reason for me to oppose sweatshop labor in third world countries
[Mod Post] A competition to change CMV's appearance. We are redecorating!
By 2020 at least over half of Republican representatives will be in favour of gay marriage.
Subjects such as chemistry and physics should not be mandatory in high school.
The U.S. is too big for one government, and should be broken up into smaller countries.
In terms of representing original recordings faithfully, vinyl is better than digital.
The term Redskin is not equivalent to the N word.
Discrimination based on race or sexual orientation is universally wrong, whether it is being done by the majority or the minority.
Felons should not have the right to vote.
Is it better to only allow educated people to vote?
Political action is crime and one day people will we amazed that it had been the norm
I think people who make money on the intellectual property of others via «Let's play»-videos should pay the developers for the right to LP the game if the developer so chooses
I believe each partner should have veto power on whether or not the fetus should be aborted in case of pregnancy, as long as their intentions not to have a child were clear before the event.
The music industry is doomed
African-Americans who dump Christianity and shack up with Islam seem to think they are flipping the bird at the creed that enslaved their ancestors, but they are only swapping it for a religion that has enslaved their ancestors for far longer
I believe immigrants are being treated too poorly by the average western citizen.
I think that Pedophiles aren't sick humans, they merely have a different sexual orientation. They should not be treated like untouchables.
Calling fetus a potential human doesn't make any sense.
with or without intent, women dress in a way designed to evoke sexual feelings in men, and they should be aware of this fact and take some responsibility for it.
Video games are teaching people to kill other people
SPACE EXPLORATION: Any and every other human endeavor must come second place to the goal of mankind's continued existence.
I think it is morally wrong to brainwash kids in school to thinking Cannabis use is so wrong.
I believe atheism has an purpose!
As a black person, I feel I must tip nearly 40% to make up for the multitude of other black people who don't tip.
I think you should not be allowed to change nationality.
There's no good reason for the Washington Redskins to not change their name.
"Bad" music is important to culture and can be enjoyed by music appreciators without irony.
I believe that in general, physically attractive people have a better chance at success.
I believe that there should be no compulsion upon claimants of unemployment benefit to do work placements or 'work experience'.
Being overweight is equatable to being a smoker.
The new update to reddit which hides the number of individual upvotes and downvotes on all comments with (?|?) is detrimental to the quality of the site.
Media coverage of drug-related deaths is damaging to society.
I believe Westerners have a moral responsibility to forgo luxuries because they come at the expense of the less privileged.
"Cosmos: a space-time odyssey" is an elementary school educational show.
I believe that the Deutschlandlied is a beautiful song in its entirety, and that all stanzas should be used in the German Anthem, because the phrase "Deutschland über alles" is deeply misunderstood by people who don't know the origin of Deutschlandlied.
The Narrative around Climate Changed Has Poisoned the Well and Will Prevent Any Action to Stop It.
I hated the new Xmen film, I thought it was the worse one including all the spin offs. Change my view.
Philosophy is bullshit.
I believe that FIFA is a morally reprehensible organization, and should not be supported in any capacity.
The pro-religion argument that some people need it to cope is elitist and condescending
Should we encourage people with severe depression to kill themselves to remove their defective genes from the gene pool?
Angry, Violent, or Over the Top Rhetoric Doesn't Change Peoples' Opinions in Political Debates.
The global community should allow/encourage Iraq to split into 2 sovereign nations: one Sunni and one Shiite.
All welfare including food stamps and Medicaid should have a five year lifetime limit like TANF
Conservative politicians and pundits lie/mislead significantly more than liberal politicians and pundits
Minecraft's new EULA will only hurt the Minecraft server community
Gay marriage is an important human rights issue that needs press and awareness. However, there is no important transgender issue and it does not deserve the same type of serious discussion.
The Koch Brothers’ Secret Billionaire Summit is the worst "real conspiracy theory" out there, and hurts us all more than anything else
I believe that in 100 (or even 50) years, air travel will largely cease to exist, and because of this, the U.S. needs to start building a high-speed rail network NOW.
I believe that child beauty pageants are part of freedom of expression and it is morally wrong to ban them.
All women have their price
Tim Howard is overrated, at least in international play.
No one else named Bush, Clinton, or Obama should ever be president again.
Football (soccer) should change how they keep track of time in game from keeping the clock running the whole time and having extra time, to stopping it when the play stops and resuming it when the play starts again.
Clinton's repeal of Glass-Steagall was not a factor in the 2008 financial crisis and actually softened the blow
Why is it a bad thing if America loses its superpower status?
1965-1975 produced the best music in the past century
I'm in a secret sexual relationship with a married woman and I see nothing wrong with this on my end.
Mexicans have just as much right to come to the US as Europeans ever did.
The Catholic Church was complicit in and thus bears some responsibility for the Nazi atrocities in WWII.
I believe Black people shoud get reparations from the government
Weezer sucks.
In terms of high school debate, Lincoln Douglas is better than Policy.
The "marriage equality movement" is dangerous and should be stopped because it destroys Queer Culture and represents the end of Queer History via assimilation.
I think it would be as good experience to at some time in my life try marijuana at least once
I believe that Fascism can be a positive and good thing if it has a great leader.
George W Bush is going to go down as the worst president in the history of the United States
The Game of Thrones fandom is just as bad as the Doctor Who fandom, and it is hypocritical to dislike one but not the other.
Belief in Creationism is no more ridiculous from the POV of a devout Christian than strict Kosher adherence to a devout Jew.
i feel like my friends are too grateful
Let them have their wars.
we should stop saying "everyone is beautiful "
that companies shouldn't do "corporate social responsibility"
I think "live and let live" and "mind your own business" will solve virtually all social issues. As long as no one is being harmed in any way, any individual should be allowed to do whatever he/she wants.
Luxottica has an unethical monopoly on the global and US-national sunglasses market, which it exploits in violation of antitrust laws at the expense of the customer.
I do not understand the purpose of an officiant at wedding, and think that putting the pronouncement of marriage in the hands of another distances the couple from the responsibility of their union.
I think that the view of Americans as lazy people who don't want to travel is unfair. I believe that traveling within the USA counts because it is so large and varied.
Using screw lids for wine bottles is in every way better than using corks.
The word 'natural' has lost its meaning
Walt Disney World is far superior to Disneyland Resort
Young Earth Creationism is nonsensical from a strictly theological viewpoint
Islam is fundamentally violent and flawed as a religion.
I believe that upper management is the single most important factor to customer service in a retail environment
Free product charities, such as freerice.org, are generally bad for struggling third world countries.
I don't believe that homosexuals should be allowed to adopt.
Sexual jealousy is manmade.
In light of all the social justice movements over race, religion, creed, sexuality, etc. etc, I feel Asians deserve more attention than they get.
I think meat should be taxed in the same way that cigarettes, alcohol and fuels are.
Financial markets are mostly gambling, and that's not a bad thing.
Special care should not be taken when dealing with introverts.
I believe Chaos Warp is a legitimate card and it respects Magic: the Gathering color pie
the Middle East and North Africa were in a better situation with all the dictators in power
Skateboarding is an art form and should be respected as much as any other street art.
The Western response to the Crimean crisis will lead to increased Russian and Chinese revanchist aggression (up to and including an invasion of Taiwan).
I enjoy paying my taxes, think taxes are a good thing, and I do not understand being against taxes on principal (save as a miserly attempt to hold on to more money) CMV
Karma is not important.
Half Life 3 is overhyped - there's no way Valve could release it without the game being disappointing, no matter how good it is
Against Capital Punishment
I don't like Mao ZeDong
Professional athletes are paid too much
Any vegan who is morally against eating any form of eggs cannot in good conscience dine at a restaurant that isn't exclusively vegan.
Hitler's legacy is treated unfairly
A united world government would create more problems than it would solve.
Every problem can be solved by thinking about it.
When I see someone smoking he/she becomes a worse person for me
In today's society there is no reason to still use the "women and children first" rule.
Its okay to hold back your life and future for an S.O.
All recyclable goods and containers should all have a refundable 'deposit' attached to their cost.
Based on the types of video games currently popular, the concern over perceived lack of female characters (by percentage) is overblown
Taxes are glorified robbery and governments have no business regulating markets
I shouldn't approach girls because I have a 100% rejection rate.
US Car drivers and passengers should have the option to wear motorcycle helmets in lieu of wearing their seatbelt.
I don’t think the US is actually more religious than Europe
You are not entitled to the intellectual property of others, particularly entertainment.
It is nonsensical and hypocritical to claim to support free speech while supporting any regulations or restrictions whatsoever regarding political speech
Elrond should have pushed Isildur into the fire. In fact, he was morally required to do so.
I believe the reason women are "underrepresented" in the key positions in society is because there are more intelligent men than intelligent women.
Auto racing deserves to be an Olympic sport
I think being religious is the equivalent of being insane.
I am almost convinced that western civilization will collapse in the next 30 years.
Putting money into my 401k to pay for a car is a good idea.
If you marry a famous and wealthy male, you are irrational if you are surprised by infidelity.
STEM studies are inherently superior to humanities
It is critical for the progress of society that science classes teach students there is no free will
The best thing for Snowden to do would be to return to the US
Unchecked capitalism in a democracy is worse overall than just having a monarchy
Feminist attempts to reclaim words are unlikely to succeed
I believe in "traditional" family roles. Men should work, women should stay at home.
The phrase "I could care less" should be "I couldn't care less"
The minute you intentionally put a person's life at risk, you forfeit your own- if you threaten in a deadly manner, you deserve to die.
Disney's "The Princess &amp; The Frog" handled portrayal of African-Americans sufficiently.
Joel (from The Last of Us) did the right thing at the end of the story. (Spoilers inside)
Naming your child after another person is selfish and forces a preconceived idea of a person on the child.
Nudity and sex should be completely legal in public.
Breasts are legally protected as genitalia and as long as they are, it should be illegal to expose them in public.
Luke Skywalker should have had C-3PO reprogrammed or sold it.
The "Stop Bullying" campaign is total bullshit. The best thing we can do is let kids defend themselves.
To reduce the public burden of poverty, parents should have a minimum earned income
I think football in the island of Ireland should be called Soccer.
The Beatles, and more broadly speaking most musicians from the 60s, are not good.
I believe Julian Assange is a Russian agent, and that Wikileaks has been co-opted by Russian intelligence.
Christians who say that The Bible is not meant to be taken literally are kidding themselves
Women have, in western countries like the US and UK, already achieved equality.
I think the appropriate response after September 11th should have been to do nothing.
The recent article on Teaching and Tenure, I don't care if its about firing experienced teachers or not. If workers of all fields aren't protected by similar laws, teachers should not be special.
I don't believe parents are always to blame for kids' bad behaviour
. Computers well can never adequately replace humans.
fifa should scrap goal line technology for a video ref.
The Jedi Order deserved to fall
I think public attention ruins something more than it gains from it.
If you don't believe in a "divine reward/punishment" after life, then there's no point in being a good person.
I don't think Vector Marketing is as bad as Reddit makes it out to be
I believe that parents are morally obligated to genetically modify their children once the technology becomes safe and effective
I think professional soccer players who over exaggerate injuries should receive a yellow card.
Birth Control should be an over-the-counter drug.
On subreddits that encourage civil discussion or debate, I usually upvote comments that look like they were downvoted due to disagreement with what was said. I think this is generally okay.
Trying to vote in laws based on religious faith is hypocritical in nature as no religious person follows his/her religion by the letter
Past a certain point of development, core personality does not change.
Intelligence is the privilege that trumps all other privileges
In Honor of the 2014 World's Cup: I believe that Soccer (Football) is the most corrupt of all of the "major" team sports.
No country should be a permanent member of the UN security council and no country should have veto power in the UN security council
I believe cheating on your taxes is not immoral
I believe that woman's nipples should be censored despite men's not being so.
I think kids owe their parents everything because the parents brought them into this world and gave them life and kept them fed and sheltered and relatively healthy during their childhood.
Tim Duncan is better than Lebron and Kobe. If he wins 2 more titles, he is better than Jordan.
For a modern Linux distribution, it’s not necessarily justified to call it “GNU/Linux”. For example, Fedora is as much “GNOME/Linux” as “GNU/Linux”.
I believe that it's a good thing that America doesn't take soccer seriously, because it lets the rest of the world have something that they can win at.
The Coors Light advertising focusing on their beer being cold is idiotic.
I don't think coffins/caskets or cremation should be used when handling the dead.
I believe being Paranoid is a good attribute because it increases the yearn for truth and justice
CMV I believe that I should not have to sacrifice my career to be in a long distance relationship with someone by moving to so's country and starting anew
"Death and re-spawn" as it occurs in video games or in a movie such as Groundhog day would make an excellent teaching tool.
Being in a romantic relationship is pointless because it will end eventually
I believe that no topic of opinion should be taboo to discuss, even in "polite company".
Players should be punished for diving and flopping in sport
The USA should drastically increase its commitment, both financially and politically, to the United Nations.
If I ever find myself stuck in a dead end monotonous job I should abandon society and try to really experience life.
Drug addicts do not deserve any of my sympathy.
I believe towing by private companies--and towing companies holding the vehicle for ransom--should be illegal
I have no reason to believe there is no afterlife, science only allows me to believe nothing.
Icona Pop *does* actually care.
I think the Separatists would have won the war if they had made a Hive mind or central server for their troops.
It's OK to support FIFA and the World Cup 2014 being hosted in Brazil, and I should just ignore all the protests and civil unrest because it does not concern me
I believe that being attractive is the single most important trait in determining how strangers will treat you.
Powermat will become the wireless charging standard, not Qi.
Believing in God should be perceived by society the same way believing in UFOs or ghosts are.
"The Godfather, Part 3" still would not have been a good movie even if Coppola's original story was filmed.
I believe that the US and its allies are obligated and required to intervene militarily in Iraq and push ISIS out of the country.
Automatic soap dispensers are a pointless use of technology
East Coast hip-hop was superior during the famous rivalry against the West Coast
I prefer physical media to digital media
The Penalty Shootout in Football(soccer) is an anti-climactic cop out, and a horrible way to settle ties.
I believe the brain is different between human "races" just like the body is.
London cabs vs Uber is the perfect case study of why income inequality is growing
If you have something against the police generally, then you are unpatriotic.
It's a GOOD thing Elizabeth Warren's student loan bill didn't pass.
I think Nintendo should ignore the competitive realm of Smash Bros because they represent a tiny chunk of sales.
I feel that any variety of rights movement, be it womens rights mens rights gay,trans,race ect are a bad idea and only serve to segregate and in many cases give an extremists appearance to what ever minority they are representing.
There is no such thing as a "deflationary spiral"
The standard type of container for sour cream should be a squeezable bottle.
Graduation ceremonies should only be held for High School and College
An early term abortion is as morally inconsequential as cleaning a toilet bowl with bleach.
WW2 was not necessary and resulted in more harm than good
I don't think the new series of Cosmos is nearly as good, or cohesive, as the original one by Carl Sagan.
If a woman becomes pregnant, and her partner does not want to keep the child, he should be able to deny any involvement, including child support, on the grounds that he makes his decision during the pregnancy.
Immigrants should not have to take a citizenship test involving the country's history, political system etc unless the details of these subjects are common knowledge among an overwhelming majority of the native population.
Whether Bowe Bergdahl deserted his post should not have been a consideration in deciding whether or not to do a Taliban prisoner swap for his release.
Language classes are a poor attempt at forcing people to know more than one language and culture, and all they end up doing is wasting people's time.
I believe the only effective way of stopping global warming is through geoengineering.
I think that the natural purpose of sex is not to have babies.
I believe Judaism is the most believable religion due to the National Revelation
I Believe a Sustainable Market for Video Games Oriented Towards Women Exists, and that Feminism Would Be Better Served to Develop For It Than Merely Complain About It
I believe home schooling &amp; private schooling will be the norm for America's next generation.
I think taxicab companies have a legitimate complain against startups like Uber, Lyft, etc.
I dont think that Ontario should allow convenience stores to sell alcohol.
Mental health facilities should resemble those for health care
People in power don't intentionally dumb down education in order to perpetuate themselves in power.
Velcro straps are functionally superior to shoelaces and should be the standard shoe fastener
CMV. The Vergara v. CA decision was a mistake.
I believe we should be much harsher on prison inmates.
I should avoid everyone and stay in my room
Most of the time, it's unnecessary to wash my feet with soap. Rinsing is sufficient.
Video games are less creative, engaging, imaginative, and fun than they were in the 80's-early 00's
Although both networks are biased, because MSNBC overtly acknowledges its liberal bias and actually distinguishes between reporting and subjective analysis it is unfair to compare it to Fox News
Labour could have not shifted to the right with the New Labour project.
Anti-Gypsie/Roma prejudice should be viewed as just as unacceptable as any other form of racism/ethnic prejudice.
I believe that minimum wage constitutes no more or less than the bare minimum effort.
God exists.
Gun Control and "Religion vs. Science" seem like ridiculous, backwards issues to be dealing with in this day and age.
I think the social justice community is problematic.
I believe that the whole Target credit fraud event was actually a good thing.
I do not think Stephen King books are the least bit scary
To reduce theft, all valuable property should be registered
The recent swell in protesting Commencement speakers at colleges is a good thing.
I should be allowed to play first person shooters when I am 17.
The U.S. should not intervene if Russia invades Ukraine specifically because Ukraine is not in NATO.
I believe that all able prisoners should be forced to work, with drastic punishment for refusal.
Universal Healthcare should mean you lose right to your organ when you die
I feel that talent shows are mislabed because they focus more on entertainment value than actual talent
Why the fuck should I care about NPCS I kill in games?
since the storm-cloaks are clearly the bad guys of the civil war in skyrim and since there clearly exists a good group vs bad group in the conflict it makes the civil war quest line and story weaker CMV.
Technology should be used to expand capabilities, rather than as a crutch to reduce required effort.
Nothing can replace the social value of smoking tobacco
I think live events aren't as entertaining as recorded ones
I think there is no rational moral justification for animal rights as a moral issue
the discovery of life (past or present) on another planet would be a fatal blow to Abrahamic religions
The yellow lights on traffic lights are not necessary.
Frank Underwood's character from House of Cards would make a great president, and despite his character flaws/skeletons in his closet, is a good politician.
Amanda Todd deserves no sympathy and did it for attention
I am a faithful Catholic who believes that Liberal social policy, such as Gay Marriage, is for the betterment of society
The poor are poor because of poor decision making on their part at some point in their lives.
I believe the USA is incredibly "puritan" and overly restrictive on nudity and that this causes a number of problems.
Popular science media fails to educate the public regarding the current scientific research that will have the most pronounced impact on the near future.
Homeless spikes are just plain wrong. They should never be installed.
I think that men(as a group) are objectively superior to women(as a group).
Bathroom attendants have no reason to exist outside of strip clubs.
I believe that the benefits that come with marriage is the government's way of telling you to reproduce.
I believe that the majority of examinations used in schools are ineffective at determining knowledge.
Consensual sex in the case of a drunken individual is not rape.
Soccer would be much better without offsides.
There is no justification for a no-knock raid.
I believe that drinking coffee/energy drinks every day defeats the purpose of drinking them at all.
Mass shootings are to the 2010s what assassinations were to the 1960s.
The Cross of Coronado does not belong in a museum.
I don't think Gotham can be saved.
Canada is an appropriate analogue to the United States when comparing policy.
Aliens have never visited earth.
I think that when people say "I don't hate black people, I just hate black culture" they are not being inherently racist, they are just mislabeling what they mean to say.
I don't think every suicidal person can be helped and some are "better off" gone.
Having grown up with a defect of my own, I don't want to pass any on to my kids. Therefore, I would like to join the "Designer Baby" movement. You'll probably fail, but TTCMV.
MacBook Pros are the best consumer grade laptops when you forget price:performance
I think it's silly to pay much more expensive prices for a brand name medication if a generic is available.
Removing body hair is painful and pointless.
Cultural approriation is a nonissue.
CMV :: I believe physically demanding jobs should not have gender-specific standards in their physical fitness testing. Change my view...
I believe that you have no rational right to object to being casually or indirectly photographed while in a public setting.
Making fun of mentally retarded people is okay, as long as they don't realize/are having fun [explained within]
I believe that charter schools are better than traditional public schools.
Living my life for money
The debate over iOS vs. Android is useless.
It's better to vote for the lesser of two evils than vote for a 3rd party that better reflects my views, but has no chance of winning.
I think Yuengling is the best beer to get if you are having a party and don't know what beers people like.
As a guy I think it's impossible to get into a relationship unless the girl is already from your immediate social circle
Electronic Music is not 'talentless rubbish'.
In the face of overwhelming global starvation genocide is acceptable.
The driving age should be raised to 18.
I don't think net neutrality is a right.
I think by the age of 25 people must have at least one child. Change my view.
GMOs are harmless to the human body, and don't need to be labeled.
The ideas of "Teaching Boys not to Rape" and "Rape Culture" are nothing but an excuse to attack men
The "security" promised by the US government via surveillance is a fallacy
The human body is not sacred or an inherent part of the person controlling it, and preferences of body type has no relevance to preferences of people.
Regardless of the legitimacy of the Morsi and the Muslim Brotherhood's regime, the current government of Egypt is a military dictatorship who won power through coup and .
I think it's okay to tell a homeless person that a group of friends brought a lot of cheeseburgers, when giving him some
I hate summer and love winter.
In a debate, bringing up something famous once said and is regarded as "quotable", means you have lost
We need to take on North Korea as soon as we pull out of the Middle-East.
Everything in life and the universe is predetermined.
I think the Fat Acceptance movement is dangerous
Religions only hinder scientific progress.
I think casual sex is wrong, and should be discouraged
I think the Elliot Rodger event came from Marxism rather than misogyny.
Amorality is the most harmonious secular viewpoint.
Amazon is the good guy in the dispute with Hachette Book Group
I feel /r/Atheism is more about embracing hatred towards religion, and less about embracing Atheism
Israel and Palestine, Israelis and Palestinians are both equally at fault. Also the only way to come to a solution is to look forward and stop focusing on the past.
The disparity between the number of male CEOs and female CEOs NOT an indicator of gender inequality.
There is no good reason to sit in the front row of a movie theater.
Flossing is not worth it.
The world would be better without finger or toenails.
I don't see how any rational person could reject Male Disposability.
"soft science" is no less worthwhile than "hard science" and the logic that says otherwise is fallacious
Anthropogenic Global Warming is Not Happening
Democracy will never exist, if it is deceased with capitalism.
I don't think Nintendo had to apologize for not including gay marriages in Tomodachi Life
Some men are genuinely interested in being "just friends" with a woman
Employers should be made responsible for the transit costs of their employees to and from work.
I think some people are simply better than others.
[Spoilers] In Minority Report, I think the fate of pre-crime was a stupid decision.
I don't like the vast majority of my family; they are rude and obnoxious and just generally not very nice. My parents thinks I am wrong to not care about them, because they are family. I don't think it matters.
I can't be sure that any other beings are conscious.
Slut-shaming will never completely end due to biological differences in male and female sex-drives.
There is no legitimate moral or practical distinction between cops/soldiers and mercenaries.
The last Game of Thrones episode was incredibly overrated.
feminists have been deliberately lying about the wage gap for decades
I completely believe that STEM is the most important, if not the only important material people should be focusing on.
What stops "neckbeards" from socializing and being sexually active is not looks and money, it's their failure to thrive socially when they were younger. And that one is definitive
Employer health insurance illegally discriminates based on family status
revenge, if it's not disproportionate, is not immoral.
Snowden's leaks did not harm national security.
I think having a normal, well paying job with a wife and two kids is absolutely terrifying
I do not think that the SAT is a fair way to assess High School Students
I think 1984 has a happy ending.
The Simpsons has not been funny since c. Seasons 11-12
I believe that the phrase "Be a man" is at best outdated and at worst sexist.
I think Pacifists are unrealistic and naive people
The bullied kid that stabbed his bully made the correct choice in doing so.
Alcoholics Anonymous and similar programs naively attempt to treat substance abuse as the source of an individual’s problems, when in actuality it is merely a symptom of deeper psychological distress which should be the actual focus of treatment
I don't think Xbox Live, or any online community akin to it, is a legitimate representation of the gaming community as a whole. And you shouldn't use your experiences there to show that the gaming community is sexist/racist/homophobic/etc as a whole.
Math isn't taught in high school.
People who have more than two kids are irresponsibly contributing to the end of modern civilization
In the ongoing spat between Netflix and Verizon, Netflix is wrong and Verizon is right.
The comments made by Jürgen Klinsmann about Kobe Bryant and how Americans tend to cater towards aging sports stars based on past achievements as opposed to the future of the team is 100% spot on, and Americans need to hear it.
I think 'pro-life' is a fallacious term and the position should more accurately be called "anti-choice"
Older people are different from younger people mostly as a result of being old, not as a result of growing up in a different time period.
CMV - Marilyn Monroe does not deserve the reputation of the classy, elegant, role model that many people (women) bestow on her.
Waffles are completely superior to pancakes
I believe that all states should compensate wrongly convicted people by a large amount of money and support
"Bitch" is just a female version of "asshole." Using it to describe an unpleasant woman isn't necessarily misogynistic.
Vinyl is overrated; digital is the way forward!
I think The Wire is a boring overrated show on par with a season long episode of Law &amp; Order but they say fuck.
The current structure of the military, where soldiers are unaware of why people deserve being fired upon, is morally indefensible.
Providing a bible in a hotel room is arbitrary
I think after the first deadly accident of a self-driving car (e.g. Google's model) the technology will be banned in most countries.
I believe that being able to live indefinitely would be better than being subject to an arbitrary deadline and dying before I want to.
I believe that if the woman I'm in a relationship with can watch movies about unrealistic emotional relationships, then there's nothing wrong with me (a man) watching movies about unrealistic sex (AKA Porn)
I have a hard time envisioning a scenario where a major war would break out that would involve western European countries fighting against each other.
Pitchfork has done more harm than good for independent music criticism as a whole.
Children are not nearly as illogical as most adults think they are; in fact, they may be more logical than we are.
Spinoza engages in too much wordplay.
I am opposed to how PPACA (aka "Obamacare") allows children up to age 26 stay on their parent's health insurance.
I believe that teaching abstinence until the age of majority (18) is most responsible.
I feel that tattoos and piercings on women is a fad that looks terrible and takes away from their femininity.
I think girls who dress slutty are 'asking for it?' Change my view please.
I think being pro-life, yet allowing an abortion exception in the case of rape, is a hypocritical position to hold.
If we are going to raise federal minimum wages to $15hr then businesses need to lower their bottom line and accept making less as a whole community.
I believe that if you are a straight male, being a hipster is the best balance between "bro" and "neckbeard" ideologies.
Once basic needs (food, shelter) are met, there is no correlation between more money and more happiness.
I see nothing wrong with giving corporations my personal information
I don't believe it should be possible to purchase recorded music
I think it's silly to single out and blame Baby Boomers as a generation for all of society's ills.
People with depression are really just over dramatic and ungrateful
There is no reason for me to get a Playstation 3
The logical conclusion of feminist reasoning is libertarianism
Beachbody coaches are just glorified salesmen/saleswomen.
I believe that the U.S. has become overly sensitive in regards to many social issues
Sex under the voluntary influence of drugs or alcohol is not rape
Genghis Khan should be universally denounced similar to Adolf Hitler
CMV - "We don't leave a man behind" isn't just a platitude, it's a key tenet that is essential for morale.
States that enforce their laws through a police force that has not been founded on Peelian Principles cannot be considered full democracies.
CMV - It's arrogant and irresponsible to travel to dangerous parts of the world for pleasure...read article for reference
A banana is not a good method of portraying scale.
The word "narcissist" (as used on reddit and the r/raisedbynarcissists community) is not a clinically accepted term, and is a vague buzzword used by people who do not get along with their parents
Beautiful people don't have to work as hard as 'ugly' people
The responsibilities for overpopulation goes to China, India, Bangladesh, Nigeria, etc.
University of Texas' rule on clothing is not sexist
The feminist movement is detrimental to men with low self esteem and recent trend of #YesAllWomen only further hampers it.
The rest of the developed world has cheap and effective healthcare because US citizens pay the lion-share of drug and medical device R&amp;D costs while the rest of the world enforces price controls and reaps the benefits at a discount.
The 2048 Tile Game Is Based More Upon Luck Than Skill
I don't feel the 2000's have been defined by a culture like other generations or decades. (America)
Concerning promotions, pandering to bosses is more effective than being a hard, efficient worker who cares about the job.
I believe a global government is the best thing for humanity.
It is ridiculous and irrational to worry about your own safety after hearing about a tragedy somewhere else in the country.
"Make due" shouldn't be considered a mistake.
The Catholic Church is the one true church
The Red Wedding was Justified
Cancer charities that research cures are a waste of money compared to more cost effective charities.
Having laws that permit trying a minor "as an adult" while also having strict statutory rape laws is hypocritical.
Wikipedia is the single most impressive collection of data mankind has ever put together.
There should be no party system.
Christian Bakers Should Have the Right to Refuse Service for Couples Wanting Wedding Cake for Gay Marriage.
Philosophy is useless and should not be studied
America would be far better off if Congress was limited to incumbents 25-35 years old.
Eating venison and some other game meats is consistent with vegan ethics.
Telling women that they should view all men as potential rapists is unfair to men.
Fraternity hazing creates stronger brotherhood and is beneficial
I think labor unions are antiquated relics with no place in modern society
The Garden of Eden (as described in the Bible) is no more than dystopia akin to Brave New World
It's acceptable to refuse to sell my product to somebody based on race.
I, having a traceable lineage in Newfoundland back 400 years, should have the same benefits provided to Native Americans by the Canadian government from France, England, the Netherlands, and the Canadian Governments.
I think that governments should be encouraging companies to reduce hours for employees and hiring more employees.
I care about nothing.
The purpose of the federal government is to protect our human rights.... that's it.
The "Card the whole party" policy for alcohol purchases that major sales chains (Like Wal-mart) have adopted are useless and inconvenient.
Everyone should boycott companies that produce disposable razors and only use straight razors and safety razors.
"Live like there is no tomorrow" (and all of its variations) is a terrible philosophy.
If I don't have my views challenged, they're invalid.
Countries should be able to change their borders by military force
There is basically no justification for trying a minor "as an adult".
I think that Derren Brown is a fake. I think that he tells everyone that all of his magic can be explained by science just so that everyone is fooled into thinking he doesn't use actors.
I think that people who "deify" science are just as dangerous as those who ignore or do not appreciate it and impede progress.
The "War on Terror™" the biggest scam in the history of the world
"victim blaming": sometimes justified.
I believe singlepayer insurance makes more moral and financial sense than federally mandated health insurance policies.
"Voluntary" methods of dealing with overpopulation will be ineffective at limiting population growth long-term
I believe intense workouts like crossfit are not any more inherently dangerous than any other workout, and that those who are injured and vocal about it are afraid to admit to their own errors.
I think a developed countries with human rights shouldn't trade with countries which violate human rights.
It is not morally wrong for white people, in general, to be more concerned within reason about issues that occur towards them despite having privilege and the Social Justice community's common criticism of this mentality is inconsistent on a moral level.
Reddit's attitude and response to people being killed when they commit a crime is not only creepy but indicative of why America has such massive social problems
I genuinely fail to understand how someone can claim to embrace both the Christian faith and the values of the Republican party of the USA. Being a Christian and a Republican is hypocrisy, and I am shocked by how rarely people seem to point out this hypocrisy.
If a woman enters and stays in a sexual relationship with a man, she is tacitly accepting his racism, and does not have credibility if she calls her her mate a racist. Also, Donald Sterling is clearly a manipulator more so than racist.
Raising US minimum wage of federal contractors will not have a net benefit for on-base troops
Circumcision should not be common practice.
I think churches should pay taxes.
I think that anyone who works 40 hours a week in the USA should be entitled to a middle class lifestyle.
I think as long as you have a well paying job, job satisfaction doesn't matter at all.
I don't get the appeal of Google Glass. Please enlighten me as to why it's so awesome.
Does Crime Pay for Entrepreneurial Ventures? Yes, for Apple Computers it did!
I don't think English is a difficult language.
I think that women who are concerned about rape should act less "slutty" in their clothing and behavior.
I think Humanities courses should be removed from school curriculum
I think that outsourcing to China isn't all that bad
I think that societies view of drugs is toxic and I wish to see other drugs viewed the same way as alcohol.
Mod Post: Submission Rules Reorganized. No change to the substance of the rules.
Even if the Christian God existed, it would not be worthy of praise and worship
I believe the US should adopt both a catastrophic health care insurance mandate AND mandatory health care accounts for consumers that will work in a free market.
I believe that people doing "aid" work in impoverished countries are only doing it for themselves.
I think Archer hasn't been worth watching since the first season
I think that any potentially harmful consumer food product or drug should only be packaged with plain packaging devoid of any branding, images or advertising copy &amp; banned from marketing/advertising on mass media channels
Aside from "Ghettos" where people are more likely to be physically harmed, suburbs are the worst place to raise a child/adolescent.
I think the US-Canada land border should have few to no border controls
Paperfold cases are superior to plastic jewel cases for disc based media.
Traditional academic focus in primary schooling should be replaced a more practical curriculum
It's implicit that all pancakes are made with buttermilk, even if it's not stated in the name.
I believe that the growing movement to allow female nudity is inherently incompatible with American society's sexualization of boobs.
I do not believe finding religion should be a point of clemency when it comes to prisoners specifically for early release.
Had it not been for the Holocaust Hitler would be Germany's Napoleon.
Smoking bans are ridiculous.
John Oliver's attempt to support Net Neutrality by sending in "the internet's worst trolls to yell at the FCC" is certain to backfire.
I do not think it is wrong to not go out or want to date a person who in my own eyes isn't attractive
CMV : I think it takes less skill and talent to be an EDM artist as compared to other musicians.
Always downvote "Can confirm..."
Humanity will never have a universal, galactic, or even interstellar empire if the speed of light is the universal speed limit.
In order to be part of an Authority body, you should renounce your right to privacy and all your activities/communications should be available for everyone to see.
Fate is a consequence of rational thinking
I think that anybody who uses cocaine has a huge moral blind spot, because the industry is so destructive.
/r/politics name should be changed to /r/democratic party
The Traditional Concept of Hell as Fire &amp; Brimstone is in principle the most evil concept ever thought up.
I agree with these Fark comments: there IS something wrong about you if you are a 33 year-old virgin
Margaret Thatcher's "There's no such thing as society" is a term abused by many on the Left and when read in context is an accurate description of what she understood society to be.
Subreddits which ban meta posts are implementing needless censorship simply because the mods cannot face criticism
Banning smoking is not a stupid idea and would actually be a highly effective public health measure.
Women who knowingly and willingly have sex or continue relationships with criminals are morally reprehensible.
I think society's view on alcohol is toxic and I wish to see alcohol viewed in the same way as any other drug.
I think Muslims do themselves a disservice by using the word "Allah" instead of "God" even when speaking in English.
I think that conservative pundits/politicians/publications disproportionately misinform and lie more than their liberal counterparts.
"Obscene visual representations of a child doing sex" should be legal. (Not the same as CP!)
Tracking a package through the mail using a tracking ID number takes all the fun out of waiting for your package to arrive and spoils the experience.
The average American person does not care about black kids being shot.
The era of major pro sports relocation in North America is dead.
I don't mind if I'm pirating music from mainstream artists
The rednecks at the end of the 1990 Dawn of the Dead were doing nothing wrong or immoral.
It is arrogant and asinine for United States marines to insist that others refer to them exclusively by the term "marines" and never as "soldiers".
overinclusiveness is fundamentally necessary (although not sufficient) for creativity.
I think Justin Beiber isn't a bad guy, he is just a kid growing up in the spotlight.
The Volt should replace the Ampere as a base unit in the SI system
I think everyone is mean deep down inside.
In Baseball, a 5-4-3 triple play is more impressive than an unassisted triple play.
I can't wait to upload my mind
Polygamy and by extension promiscuity is bad for society
The release of is Bowe Bergdahl should be considered a national disgrace.
Canada should cut foreign aid until we've paid off our debt.
Flirting with others while in a relationship is an acceptable act.
Pirate Bay co-founder Pete Sunde's arrest is 100% deserved.
Large capital investments like the World Cup &amp; Olympics are an excellent way to stimulate Brazil's economy
I believe Japan should be arming itself against a future war with China
Baldwin's speech from Glengarry Glen Ross is a perfect example of everything that's wrong with the sales business.
I believe the Seattle $15 minimum wage will cause everyone already making above that to demand an increase as well thus negating the wage increase for the minimum wage earners.
Minimum wage should NOT be a living wage
There is no obligation refer to nobility by their titles/honorifics.
HBO is the best network for television shows.
I'm more comfortable with listening to Middle Eastern/Muslim and Black women talking about Feminism than White Women
CMV - Roman numerals have absolutely no use in modern writing, and there is no good reason to use them any more.
I am completely unswayed by TV advertisements, and I think that advertisers must only be able to convince children and the unintelligent through ads to buy their products
I believe that Mad Men is not just showing the era it was set in; it is actually sexist.
I believe someone can be bleeding to death without dying.
I feel use of camera equipped drones by law enforcement is perfectly reasonable and does not infringe my freedoms.
Birth regulation, people should need licenses to have baby. Please CMV.
Nintendo should use Daisy in a Mario platformer
For certain crimes, you should be able to pay your way out of prison
American Spirits are less harmful than other brands of cigarettes
As a 15yr old, I don't see any problem with having sex with much older people
It makes no sense that women are more afraid of walking around alone than men are
As a cyclist, I believe there should be no compulsion upon me to wear a helmet.
I am unsypmathetic to the plight of transgender people.
White people are mocking black people when they speak ebonics to their black friends.
New York City should secede from New York State.
It is better to have a corrupt but tolerant government than an effective intolerant one.
Affirmative Action Policies encourage the prejudice they seek to prevent.
I believe that all forms of conception that are not "natural" (i.e. IVF) should be used rarely, if not banned.
I believe unions should be able to use PACs and super PACs during election season, but corporations shouldn't.
If boycotting is seen as an an effective means of change, then it should be completely okay to not tip servers, bellhops, caddies, etc.
GMO foods should be labeled, because the principle of the matter is more important than a small portion of people who may overreact.
I think the first Mass Effect is far superior to either of its sequels gameplay wise, making me hesitant to finish the series. CMV if you could.
I believe that since the United States stopped exporting oil to Japan prior to Pearl Harbor, Japan acted out of desperation and the United States is to blame for the Pacific War.
Having mouse acceleration is more useful than not having it
Margaret Thatcher was a terrible person.
It should be illegal to drive or enter a petrol station/bank in a niqab
I don't care about climate change
In Blind listening tests, most people would fail differentiate mp3 from the original CD source (even on good equipment).
I believe that, the fact that neither the all time hits leader (Pete Rose), or the all time homerun leader (Barry Bonds), are in the Hall of Fame, damages the MLB's credibility.
I do not think Google sells user data to the NSA or other government agencies.
I don't think mass media presents an unrealistic/harmful example of body image for people to strive for.
I believe hating people can bring America together
Fashion glasses (non-prescription or lenseless glasses) are pointless and annoying.
Dogs are objectively superior to cats as a household pet
I believe that Israel are the definitive 'good guys' in the Middle East.
Small children are justified in believing in Santa Claus.
Taliban are simply undereducated, misguided Afghans trying to rule their country, not evil people bent on senseless murder.
The #Yesallwomen is sexism hiding behind statistics
Unless a specific type of crime is by it's specific nature, a common occurrence trying to decry the criminals motives is meaningless.
While it wasn't always, *Contemporary* feminism and the TRP/PUA/MRM demographic are equally mentally ill and divorced from reality.
Todd Packer from "The Office" is not straight.
Cadaver donation does more good than organ donation, so I'm opting to donate my dead body to a university.
All kids should undergo mental health screening at school.
I respect everyones right to freedom of religion but that doesnt mean I should take seriously a religion which makes no sense at all.
I think MSNBC gets a bad rep and shouldn't be grouped with the other two as much when talking about how bad tv journalism is in the United States.
Conservatives throughout history have been continuously losing civil rights battles which will always inevitably be in Liberals's favor
It doesn't matter what the founding fathers of the United States would have done in any given issue.
I believe that the Ukraine Separatist movement in justified.
I believe that the reasons Men and Women are separated for sports are due to more than just hormonal differences, and that trans women athletes have an unfair advantage.
A socialist government is the only way to combat poverty, and the gap between rich and poor.
Freebooting is worse than online copyright infringement/"piracy".
I believe politicians and business people shouldn't be in charge of running a country
while both feminists and MRAs have valid points, they both blow their issues out of proportion.
It was right for Afghan Intelligence services to kidnap and threaten the relatives of bandits who themselves had kidnapped a Canadian journalist for ransom.
The Men's Rights Movement Undermines Itself
I think the Elliot Rodger (recent California) shooting is a mental health issue, and that by turning it into a feminist issue you subtract from the original problem.
I believe a $70,000 individual annual salary is more than enough to live damn comfortable anywhere in the US
I think it is better for me to break up with my hs girlfriend now than it would be to wait until college.
Males should be unable to reproduce until age 18.
Donald Sterling has compelling case to keep to the Clippers
I don't think that Maya Angelou was really all that great.
Santa Claus should have a website for submitting Christmas lists
The legislative inaction concerning gun violence in America is a good reason to emigrate
Gun Control (or lack thereof) had nothing to do with the Isla Vista shooting.
I don’t believe economists can predict what the impact of the introduction of a reverse income tax or citizens income would be, and as such all discussions about the policy are meaningless. The only way to assess if it would work would be to try it out at a national level.
Pulp Fiction is not one of the greatest movies of all time, but is instead a slightly above average movie with an interesting structure but not an engaging plot
Being selfish isn't necessarily a bad thing
I don't see the point in self driving cars
I don't think we should be telling children to "Follow their dreams".
I don't think that The Beatles are as big of a deal as they are made out to be.
People we consider "evil" do not believe that their actions are evil
It is wrong for someone to not date someone simply based on their race
Students taking more advanced classes GPA and class rank should be weighted differently
It's generally a bad idea to buy newly released technology. Waiting a while will give you more stable hardware with more memory at a cheaper price.
Richard Martinez, the father of recent shooting victim is a tool.
Meritocracy is a broken philosophy that leads to more guilt and shame than it does success.
I think albums created and released posthumously are morally wrong.
I believe that people who are religious are idiots and don't trust their opinions.
Detroit should loan the 80k blight homes to capable individuals for free and supply repair materials in lieu of demolition.
I believe Bitcoin will take over the world
Teaching people (women OR men) preventative measures against rape is not "victim blaming"
The existence of royalty or royal families, even symbolically, has no place in the 21st century.
I believe people who don't walk on the right side of the sidewalk (in America) are either assholes or idiots.
Less and less people are buying reddit gold
i see nothing wrong with "designer Babies".
I believe humanity can be salvaged by being killed off
Using a bullet to execute an inmate is no more barbaric than the other methods currently used, and that if America must have a death penalty, it should replace other methods of execution.
The movie 'Drive' starring Ryan Gosling was horribly boring and supremely overrated
Bill Nye should have narrated Cosmos instead of Neil deGrasse Tyson
I believe spanking children should outlawed in America
I think politicians should be replaced with scientists, artists, philosophers, skilled trade workers and more.
I believe that using race in determining admissions for medical school is extremely misguided, irresponsible, and dangerous
There's nothing wrong with me smoking marijuana at the end of the day
We have no Free Will
I believe the USSR should make a comeback
High Expectations undermine actual achievement
Am I the only one who thinks it's a dick move for a military member to lie about when they're coming home just so they can surprise their family?
Why the majority is wrong about the Elliot Roger's case and why we should drop it entirely.
Conservatives have no one to blame but themselves for their failures in the culture, law and politics since Reagan's landslide wins in the 1980s.
Loki's speech to the Germans in Avengers about humanity craving subjugation is correct.
All rights, including so-called natural rights are human constructs
I don't see why people insist on the term "feminist" being used for someone who supports equality, rather than something which actually means "belief in equality for all people".
I believe mathematical intelligence is the most superior of all intelligences
I believe that avoiding hiring overweight employees is not immoral and a legitimate business strategy.
America is the Greatest Country
CMV :Fire Ants are the worst type of ants.
I don't understand why American families will their children to their own fate
I believe the word "nigger" should be reattributed to a different meaning.
Graduating from college does not cause an increase in wages
All theistic religion is cancer.
I don't believe a cakeday entitles people to any more karma than any other day.
I don't see the big deal about poetry.
veterans &amp; active members of the military do not automatically deserve such a high level of respect
I think MRM is necessary in the Western/Developed World
I'm not a misogynist
If someone kills themselves, and you would have done nothing significant to help them out with their situation prior to their death, then you have no right to feign sorrow and are actually complicit through inaction.
I'm 28, make 6-figures with a bachelor degree. I see no need to obtain a MBA.
I see absolutely no upside to Islam. I think it's the plague of modern day society.
There will never be an internment of another race in the US
I think masturbation is bad for you.
Low cut shorts are inappropriate for young girls
The metric system is a terrible system of measurement, Imperial is infinitely superior.
I believe that, under very specific circumstances that I will explain, it is entirely amoral to end a healthy persons life without their consent.
The "pick up artist" community, and specifically the ideology expressed by /r/theRedPill, are are directly responsible for the Isla Vista murders.
It is misguided to protect those 18 and over from the responsibilities and consequences of adulthood.
Gun Control is a Good Thing
Paying attention to people's intelligence is not necessarily any less shallow than paying attention to their looks.
The reason for the increase in mass shooting incidents is the news coverage of mass shooting incidents.
College gen-ed classes are generally a waste of students' time and money and should not be required
Should American schools shift from the Math &amp; Sciences Focus to a student's personal focus?
It is immoral to initiate force, violence or coercion and taxation is an initiation of force backed up by the threat of violence and is coercive thus government/the state is immoral.
#NotAllMen and NAWALT are both stupid complaints about arguments.
I think Spiderman 3 is a good flick
There is no hope for some people in this world. They are born suffering and they will die suffering, and no one will ever stop that from happening.
I believe there are absolute moral truths.
I believe that even in a secret ballot, I should be able to hand over some of my details to the politicians.
Students with learning disabilities should not be given special accommodations for exams, and doing so does them a disservice, because in the real world employers won't give you special accommodations for things that impact your work
Focusing on the "economic fallout" is the new form of climate change denial.
Gay people are not born this way
Feminism is not needed *in the USA*
I believe there are fundamental similarities between conspiracy theorists and certain religious groups, such as Young Earth Creationists.
I can't bring myself to care about foreign internal conflict
The phrase "Trying to be the best me possible" teaches you an unhealthy relationship to yourself
The recent shooting in Isla Vista (or UCSB, if you will) is not about women's rights
Although a great novel, '1984' was far more relevant when it was written in 1948 than it is today.
Gun control regulations in California accomplished their purpose Isla Vista.
I feel that confidence is a primitive mindset that maintains ignorance.
Art can not be 'objectively bad' because it's quality is purely subjective.
Blaming the Men's Rights Movement for Elliott Rodger is the equivalent of blaming Islam for suicide bombers
Hashtag/Armchair Activism has nothing more than a self-serving purpose.
Out of the three current Marvel franchises: X-men, Amazing Spider-man, and Marvel Studio's collective Avenger's franchise, Fox's X-men universe is the superior franchise
Handguns are for killing people, and no one has a reason to own a handgun unless they intend to kill someone
I think politicians using Memorial Day to promote their agenda and get votes is wrong and disrespectful.
I think teaching is an easy job compared to others, and the notion that teachers are underpaid is laughable (United States only).
In any organization with radical views (especially online groups) there exists "trolls" in it for the kickss
Being rich does not obligate you to donate all of your wealth to charity.
People in hailcorporate are paranoid
I'm going to join the Marine Corps to make the best friends of my life. CMV.
I think we've thrown the baby out with the bath water when we've thrown out traditional gender roles in accordance with woman's rights movements.
Vengefulness is a product of delusion
CMV - Peppa the Pig's head looks exactly like a cock and balls.
"Privilege" is like having two hands.
I think a slut is the best thing a person can be.
The response "You can't understand this" when it comes to socially compelled issues and events of racism, misogyny, and hate crimes, is directly harmful to discussion and social progress.
I believe that there is no reason for me to pursue a college degree.
If you outlaw guns and only outlaws will have guns. I'm fine with this.
My girlfriend and I can’t wait to leave America and move to Sweden.
There is no such thing as "The Patriarchy"
I have a fear of death and afterlife.
I think Greatest Hits albums shouldn't be part of my music collection.
Israel don't want a two state solution because they want to have it all
Rapid climate change today has been caused almost entirely by humans.
Elliot Rodger was not mentally ill or unstable.
I don't think society has an unfair "double-standard" about sluts. I think the analog of a slut is an unemployed man, and he is demonized just as much as sluts.
IT certification should not matter in most cases
I think Reddit's own "investigative journalism" with breaking news stories is often extremely help and can be very worthwhile.
We have recently hit a peak in terms of quality of life. Everything will be downhill from here.
Starfleet officers are inept and overly reliant on badly designed technology.
Arguments against bestiality that focus on an animal's inability to consent are weak.
CMV on high fructose corn syrup
Star Wars episodes I-III are better than IV-VI
We need to ban and destroy all guns to deter and hopefully end gun violence.
Men and Women can be partially at fault for their own violence
All prisons should require transparency by installing cameras in any area that prisoners are allowed and the feeds must be viewable by the public 24/7.
I think smartphones do more harm than good
Women's college softball on ESPN is unwatchable.
Chivalry promotes gender inequality.
It's fine to have sex with a girl who has a boyfriend
Mark Cuban's comments are sensible and not racist
Responding to a statement with "that's racist" does not inherently discredit that statement.
I believe current Euro-skepticism will lead to the dissolution of the EU and eventually more turmoil in the region.
Sex is a purely social construct. Sex between minors and adults are not inherently harmful. Child marriage in the past was A-OK.
Elements within the modern day Feminist movement promotes the idea that "Female Culture" is superior to "Male Culture"
The Law of Unintended Consequences makes me question supporting "active" solutions.
I believe a fetus has rights worth protecting.
An elected EU President is a terrible idea.
As a black man I wish the Confederate States of America woulda won the civil war
Python is THE BEST programming language for beginners.
Thinking about being a deadbeat dad
I think we should be actively trying to combine animals to make cooler animals
I am a gay man who is almost against gay marriage.
The debate on global warming is a waste of time. There are other reasons for pursuing the same changes in our society, and so less emphasis belongs on global warming itself.
Violence is the only, or at least the optimum solution to certain issues.
Jurassic Park is a good financial and scientific endeavour.
It is not the right course of action to hit a person back that slapped you unless you are in danger
A lot of economists are just glorified fortune tellers
The concept of "God" or "Gods" is misunderstood. It lacks a clear definition, and that is what many argue over.
I think to idea of Christopher Columbus being the first to cross the Atlantic Ocean is absurd
elective tattoos in the western world, obtained for any reason other than "it looks cool/pretty", are inherently a masturbatory exercise for the sole purposes of seeking attention and garnering questions about a topic the tattooed wishes to talk about
The 15% tip structure results in waiters being significantly overpaid for what they do
There is no student loan 'bubble'.
I think that motivational speakers have nothing to contribute and are largely a waste of time.
Stationary makers should do away with the rubbers on the end of pencils.
Curvy does NOT mean fat.
I believe E U didn't wanted Greece to remain in the crysis for some time(due to hidden agendeas/corporate interests).
I believe that in order to be a truly great musician, one must be able to read musical notation.
I'm thinking of dropping out of college.
I don't think corporate tax cuts do anything to help create job growth.
If someone believes that race does not exist, and therefore that racism makes no sense, that person should also consider programs aimed at helping disadvantaged races to be nonsensical, regardless of circumstances.
I think Dungeons and Dragons is stupid, help me understand.
caffeinated soft drinks are more harmful than e-cigarettes
I believe political parties should be abolished.
No matter how incompetent or impossible, all attempts at unlawful violence should be punishable by law, wheter it is a physical attack or something like a voodoo-curse.
Pie is clearly superior to cake.
Software should not be patentable.
I believe that it's not too difficult doing tasks while in high heels.
Fresh Topic Friday - 05/23/14
Reparations to black Americans for slavery make as much sense as reparations by Italians to Greeks for Roman slavery
Any bartender at a bar that serves cocktails should know how to make a high quality Manhattan, old fashioned or a whiskey sour. If they can't they shouldn't be a bartender.
Comparing non-transgendered persons playing transgendered characters to blackface is super duper wrong.
I believe that we all have a bit of Hitler in us.
I absolutely could not care less if girls play video games or not, or if people are mean to them while playing.
People born in the UK shouldn't have more privileges than those born outside of it.
I believe that people convicted of the death penalty should be given the choice between killing themselves or life in prison with zero possibility of getting out.
Criticizing those who are homophobic toward Michael Sam is the same as being critical of Donald Sterling. The Miami Dolphins had a right to punish their homophobic player and any media outlet would have a right to punish a homophobic anchor.
Reddit is better than Tumblr
I am a 16 year old who wants to start smoking.
I think the Green Party should become a legitimate third party in the US even if it costs Democrats elections
I support the concept of an honorary degree.
Education is ineffective at best and indoctrination at worst.
Is NSA spying really that terrible?
People who deny global warming will ruin it for the rest of us.
I believe that the republican party is a bastion of white supremacy in America
I think Shingeki no Kyojin (Attack on Titan) is a very perverted anime the creator and most viewers use for their sexual fantasies and I can't understand what people like about this.
I believe that there is nothing about the actual cannabis plant or its effect on the human to warrant the absurd associations that it has been given in (american) media.
I think online dating websites like OkCupid are not an ideal way to meet significant others, and the offline dating pool is far better than the online dating pool.
The excuse of "just following orders" is a valid one in regards to atrocities such as The Holocaust
I believe suicide and voluntary euthanasia should be legal on every country.
The March Against Monsanto is a great example of misguided and harmful environmental/political activism.
ADHD and autism isn't a disease but the next step or human evolution.
Voting in elections just to stop extremists getting in is bad for democracy
Net Neutrality will stop competition and will make our Internet slower. It will also give the U.S. government more access to our personal information.
Life is not fair, and it is an important lesson to learn
Large-scale societal collapse is inevitable, and we are past the point where it can be stopped or significantly remedied.
I believe situations such as Amanda Todd's are the fault of the "victim".
CMV. I don't believe in freewill.
Grades are an accurate reflection of intelligence
Economists are concerned with nice looking models, not the people and lives that economic policies effect.
I don't think competitive video gaming or "eSports" should be considered a sport.
All fines should be a percent of personal income instead of flat penalties.
I don't believe the world would be any better off without religion
I don't think being a mother is the hardest job in the world.
My girlfriend is thinking about getting a tattoo and I don't like the idea.
Bitcoin and Crypto-currency will never be more than a fad and a ponzi scheme
Casinos should not be allowed to ban people for card counting
The German population transfers after World War II were not a genocide, and it's ridiculous to compare Franklin Delano Roosevelt's agreement with Stalin to the actions of Hitler.
European style resource management board-games (Ex. Agricola, Catan, ect...) are boring because they lack a competitive narrative.
I am a pessimist in the style of the character Rustin Cohle from True Detective.
We should do our best to not let large companies like Google and Facebook track everything that we do, even if that information is anonymous.
Honorary degrees should not exist.
Genghis Khan, though not the exemplar of greatness, was not exceptionally evil. He was simply one of the most successful conquerors in history.
I think most modern or contemporary art is stupid and silly, please change my view.
I think children should be vaccinated
I do not believe that schools should be responsible for providing lunch for every child.
I was born too early. I should've been born in the year 2000. CMFV.
Atheism is irrational
In my opinion there is nothing wrong with having high standars when looking for a partner
I believe the United States is incredibly corrupt.
Japan should uncensor their porn
I don't think Dogecoin will succeed in the long run.
Illegal drugs should stay illegal.
/r/gonewild has turned into a pay-for-porn-on-demand subreddit
The United States Government Does Not T orture
I don't think that the 97%ish of climate scientists who feel that climate change is largely man-caused are lying to get their precious grant money like conservatives often claim.
Climate change will (hopefully) be the most serious problem of the 21st century.
an Axe Party would be highly successful in the 2014 US political climate
All Human Problems are Man-Made
A community can be diverse with all of it's members being of a single race
It is entirely unreasonable to be angry or offended by Chipotle's decision to ban weapons from their restaurants.
I have contempt for picky eaters.
Gerrymandering, more than any other single issue, has destroyed the United States.
I think people are rewarded for being stupid
I believe that the penny should be removed from US circulation
I think that if you are visiting a country that speaks a foreign language (for a decent length of time) you should learn at least the basic set of 'tourist phrases'.
I Think Many Preppers are Batshit Crazy
I do not accept the distinction between sex as a biological phenomenon and gender as a social construct.
It’s okay for superhero comics and movies to be grounded in realism and handle real-life situations.
Free Choices are an Illusion
low voter turnout in elections is a good thing.
idealizing heroes from the past, and not focusing on their flaws and mistakes, is not necessarily a bad thing.
I think Half-Life 3/Episode 3 is never going to come out. (Or at least not anytime soon)
Society's desire for instant gratification will be our downfall
Global warming is accelerated by humans.
I think Youtube's possible takeover of Twitch is a good thing.
If Einstein had accepted the Israeli Presidency, the situation in the region today would be far better.
I shouldn't attend a privte medical school in order to avoid poverty over the next 8 years (besides the 300k debt).
I believe that the USA is governed hugely in favour of its corporations and not its people.
I don't like the movie The Fifth Element
Schools give out too many A grades.
What happened to Native US americans was a genocide, and Andrew Jackson was the American Hitler.
Morality has nothing to do with valuing social norms, and being normal is no guarantee of an act/person being moral.
I'm worthless
Final Fantasy 6 is artistically superior to Final Fantasy 7
I can't appreciate EDM. CMV!!
Those who quit their job should be eligible for unemployment
Artists who do not wish their works to be published should have their wishes respected posthumously.
CMV. Considering all the cats and dogs dying in shelters from the lack of homes for all of them, someone who adopts an animal but would have to put it down instead of spending hundreds/thousands in vet bills should not be shamed.
The only two constants in Human life are birth and death. Therefore, things like ambition, work, or the collection of things are essentially exercises in futility. There is no point in being a member of society.
I think "be yourself" attitude is detrimental to society
I think the mainstream American Christian culture has an undeserved victim mentality
Rape can be partly be the victims fault.
Video Games should be more inclusive for the female demographic.
Capitalism is a good thing, and many people are operating with the wrong definition of capitalism.
I believe that those who vote have no right to criticize the government but those who do not vote retain that right.
I believe that if McDonalds was not an American company, you would see much larger anti-obesity campaigns in the US.
If you don't opt-in for organ donating, organs shouldn't be given to you in a time of need
There's such a thing as "too many sexual partners," even if it's all safe sex
I don't believe in morality
Waterboarding isn't that bad
Equality is a myth
I think that the "everybody's a winner" mentality is bad for the mind
The Caesar's Legion are the superior choice for the Mojave and maybe even the entire Wasteland
Secrets are not harmful to a relationship, as long as both parties know what not to ask.
I think I might be sex-negative and I am definitely prone to slut shaming but I don't think its a bad thing...
Sunday afternoons suck because you know that soon you face another week of work.
Fallout: New Vegas is a superior game to Fallout 3
I think that Kantian ethics is the best system for decided what is moral.
I believe that the "my body, my choice" argument is a double-standard, and that men should have the legal right to opt out of any and all child support.
Pizza should be measured in inches, 8", 12" 18" instead of S, M, L.
I think the idea of eugenics is predicated on a fundamental MISunderstanding how genes work (Title fixed)
Creating amazing art with MS Paint isn't any more impressive than using Photoshop or Illustrator and that ''skill'' would have been better spent in a more productive software.
Instead of the Selective Service, 18-year-olds should be required to enlist in the Army Reserves
I should not vote in the European elections
Stannis Baratheon would be a horrible king of Westeros.
I believe vaccines are safe, effective, and that all children who can get them should.
I am done defending President Obama. I am a 'liberal' who voted for him twice, and his Net Neutrality flop finally did me in
The video game industry will ruin normal life.
I believe the Native American's are to blame for their continued poverty.
CMV I believe people in government with substantial power (congressmen, president, governors) should not be allowed to have non-essential possessions if there is to be a non-corrupt government.
"Cultural appropriation" is not inherently wrong or harmful.
I feel that authors should not 'forbid' fans from writing fanfiction.
My criticism of his Facebook post was unjustified, and I should've let the impulse to correct his mistake slip away.
Democracy and Corporate Capitalism are Intrinsically Flawed Ideas
If libertarian economic policies would benefit big businesses then corporations and banks would be putting money behind getting a true libertarian candidate elected. They don’t because it would hurt them and result in more competition and be better for consumers.
Moving to San Francisco post-college is a foolish move
HItler had the right idea killing people, just not the right ones
I'm a good looking guy who believes that long term relationships is selling myself short
Consumers who want to support broader variety in beer are better off buying from small craft breweries than their larger, well-entrenched counterparts (e.g., Coors.)
Horoscopes are useless.
I believe every user, and only the user, is responsible for his own privacy on the internet. (ECJ vs Google)
I think washing dishes is unnecessary if I put them in the fridge between uses.
I believe that it isn't necessarily wrong to cheat on your significant other for the purpose of meaningless sex if your significant other never finds out. Please change my view.
Increasing voting turnout while ignoring voter comprehension is more detrimental to society then creating voting requirements.
I believe that "Anti-Discrimination" policies on Canadian college campuses have become little more than tools cynically used by the far-left to maintain intellectual hegemony and silence dissenting views CMV
Parents should be criminalized for having morbidly obese children.
McDonald's assets should be completely liquified and used to promote nutritional research as well as to compensate those who have suffered from malnutrition.
America imposing sanctions on Russia for their actions in Ukraine is both wrong and useless
Writing "Edit: ... " is quite often pointless
I don't think income equality is a problem.
The Irish Troubles were a black and white conflict and the Catholic Republicans should have just moved to the Republic of Ireland.
Police officers are absolutely terrible at directing traffic, and should refrain from doing so except in emergencies, as it almost always results in confusion and worse traffic.
I don't think that Frank Underwood from "House of Cards" is that bad.
I feel that wealthy should pay a flat tax rather than the current progressive US tax system.
Ignoring the userbase (hivemind, powertripping mods, etc) Reddit is the best designed forum on the web.
Zoe Saldana's casting as Nina Simone is not blackface
Korra is a better Avatar than Aang and she is unfairly judged due to a poorly written love triangle
I believe the "grudge" between Rampage Jackson and King Mo is artificial and an insult to my intelligence
The US should switch to the Mixed-member Proportional Electoral system
Capitalizing the first letter of every sentence, capitalizing titles, etc. should be abolished
"making them pay their fair share" isn't a valid reason for disproportionately large taxes on the wealthy.
I believe cheating is necessary in the game grounders
I don't think elected Republicans have helped the average American in decades.
I think outside of the top 5 NA sports, it is silly to call anything else played in NA a sport.
People who work at ITT/For-Profit colleges are horrible people
I believe that the use of hops in beer is overrated and is leading to the general populace falsely equating craft beers as being hoppy.
I believe the CIO (cry it out) method with babies is selfish and lazy
I believe that it is necessary to human development to make light out of tragedies, instead of living in the past. CMV.
Battlefield Earth was an entertaining film, and not nearly as bad as people say.
Wikipedia is one of the most reliable sources of information short of peer-reviewed publications.
Lawyers should not exist and the modern legal system is a joke
I believe that people who claim to be "perfectionists" are typically just lazy or fearful.
I believe that the extreme drought in California will get worse with global warming and will drastically reduce the quality of life of those who live there.
I don't believe there is any good reason to criminalize Holocaust denial.
I believe that standardized tests such as the ACT/SAT are ineffective at measuring ability, and should be disallowed for college use on accepting/denying students.
Javert is not a compelling antagonist.
I believe that people who claim to be afraid of clowns are exaggerating and being over dramatic.
I believe there should be a universal growth cap placed on all corporations.
Fresh Topic Friday - 05/16/14
The primary concern of women when dating is finding a stable partner for security and child rearing, not romantic love
True Detective betrayed it's viewers with the rushed, incomplete ending, and unless the 2nd season ties up many loose ends, Nick Pizzolatto (the writer) should be ashamed of himself. (x-posted to /r/TrueDetective
I believe that in allegations of rape, it's not wrong to question the testimony of the accuser
I believe researching for a medical "cure" for being gay/dysphoric should be encouraged
I don't see the harm in child beauty pageants, and actually see them as a healthy experience for young girls
There is more suffering than happiness in the world, and we would be better off overall if the sun blew up in our faces.
I accept anthropogenic climate change, but I don't consider it a problem
Studying economics is worthless.
All substances should be legal
Pascifism is harmful.
I believe that being gay is always a choice.
I believe that the US drinking age should be lowered to 20.
I think it's okay to teach boys not to cry, and it's also okay to use corporal punishment.
People being gay is not because of increasing population density/overpopulation.
I should go commando
Genocide isn't a very big deal.
some young people are just very promiscuous and want to have countless partners, and that's okay
I believe religion either adds nothing of value to society or is detrimental to it
The word "patriot" is being hijacked by the far right in the US.
I believe that people in democracies should have a process to directly vote on legislation.
Western eating utensils (fork, knife and spoon) are vastly superior to chopsticks.
Theology is not and should not be regarded as an academic subject worthy of government subsidy or respected at universities
I believe that all criminal law and procedures should be taught in the senior year of high school, after being simplified to the point that it's possible to do so.
Psychiatric patients' mental health is not the top priority; rather, prescriptions are written largely based off pharmaceutical influence
[Mod Post] Follow us on twitter @redditcmv for a live feed of new CMV posts. Also, DeltaBot is playing up.
Internet Service Providers should be common carriers
I don't believe Calling your representative will actually do anything
The sum of all positive integers cannot be -1/12
I don't view being a police officer a noble or heroic profession.
I am pro-austerity.
Scrooge McDuck is ruining Duckburg's and the world's economy.
Reclassifying Internet Service Providers as Title II Common Carriers is a Good Thing
The Russian incursion on the Crimea is not an indicator of WW3
I think that expecting people to not downvote based on disagreement is stupid, and if reddit mods really want to enforce it, they should get rid of the downvote button altogether.
I believe that it is more humane for someone to be executed by shooting them point blank in the head rather than using the lethal injection.
Feminism as it exists in the modern era is useless and annoying
Affirmative action, at least in its current implementation in American universities, is unjust and ineffective.
I should be allowed to call 'asians' orientals
It is misguided, offensive, and objectively false to suggest or state that pit bulls are less capable of causing serious harm to humans than most other domesticated breeds, and that it is not unreasonable at all for people to be put off by them.
There is an ethical limit to the amount of money a person should receive as direct compensation for their work and this number is significantly lower than what executives and athletes are currently paid.
In order to discourage academic students from plagiarizing essays, code, etc., the academic students should be allowed to run their own essays and code through plagiarism detection software such as Turnitin, MOSS, Diff, etc. before submitting their work.
I think schools should stop teaching the OSI model
I think that I am not living in a simulation because I am. Computers do math, and math does not create consciousness.
Black people are to blame for the "N" word's prevalence in modern society.
It is not hypocritical to oppose abortion but support the death penalty.
I believe I could win a fight against any dog, or a wolf for that matter.
Violence in sports should be criminalized
Circumcision on male babies is pointless and cruel, if not done for medical purposes.
I believe that anyone should be allowed to be chemically castrated, not just sex offenders.
A short middle-eastern man is unattractive to the majority of women.
I believe saying you're a libertarian,liberal, or conservative is as dogmatic as saying you're Muslim, Christian, or Buddhist
"Drawing fouls" in the NBA is both unsportsmanlike and cheap and takes away from the integrity of the game
Truly "self-less" humans do not exist.
This is why Mumford and Sons are a disgrace to tradition and a negative reflection of our society
Incumbents should need more votes to get elected than challengers
The video game industry is slowly plummeting due to the selfish capitalistic nature of our economy.
Opposing abortion in the first three months is a lot harder for an atheist than for a Christian.
The Hobbit movies are over indulgent commercial diarrhea in the same vein as the Star Wars prequels.
It is unethical to see prisons as a way of punishing criminals.
I think pedophiles should be legally obligated to seek treatment.
Cheddar is the best of the cheeses
"Opinion Shows" need to be banned.
A complete and total social, political, and economic collapse of the United States could be a good thing.
I believe GMO labeling laws are illegal and unconstitutional.
Attempting to re-appropriate or reclaim offensive symbols is a pointless or counter-effective effort
Standing up to wipe yourself after a number 2 is normal
I think dishwashers are a waste of time and money.
I could probably outmaneuver and evade a velociraptor
I Firmly Believe That Most Professional Sports are Completely Rigged
I think any religion which preaches "heaven vs hell" while claiming their god to be just and good is logically inconsistent.
I think that car insurance should not be mandatory
The movement to the Common Core is hurting students more than helping them (At least in New York State).
As an individual, voting is a waste of my time. Even in the closest election I could reasonably hope for I am orders of magnitude from at all influencing anything but my own sense of civic participation.
infant circumcision should be banned
'Trickle-down Theory' has never existed and is simply used as a strawman against those advocating lower taxes for other reasons.
I need to give $1,300 to a organization or charity that I despise.
I dont believe that the community is at liberty to define "pornography"
The minimum age for marriage should be raised to 25.
Propane is better than Charcoal for grilling.
All drugs should be legal
The world is the best it has ever been and most of the people I talk to think it's the worst.
Revenge is an ugly form of justice, and it's okay.
I believe God is a completely illogical concept with no basis in reality and was created solely to help us cope with our mortality.
The policies of the Democratic Party in America will never be effective until US culture changes with regard to work ethic.
I don't care which political party is in power because I feel like goods and bad things will happen regardless
I have zero sympathy for (most) students in hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt and no jobs.
If in the near future, we find out global warming is indeed real and sea levels are rising, then I think it would be reasonable that we tax the estate of all the major climate change deniers.
I don't believe any income tax rate should exceed 40% or that there should be an estate tax.
I believe that the true purpose of the automobile is utilitarian in nature.
I think it was good for parents to allow disroposus twins to live, not just for religious reasons.
The current system of welfare in America is doing more harm then good, and other minor opinions on it.
I think Diego Maradona's "*Hand Of God Goal*" is used as an excuse for the England National's teams failure
I believe books should not be banned from public libraries on the basis of content.
I believe that female attractiveness is not valid when compared to male attractiveness, as females only genetically inherit features - like large breasts, curvaceous figure, attractive facial features, et cetera.
if Michael Sam is on the St Louis Rams roster at the beginning of this NFL season, it will be at least in part due to his being the first openly gay player in the NFL
Democracy Is Fundamentally Incompatible With Human Rights
I think drug users who get caught should be put into community service and fined instead of thrown into jail and serving a sentence.
I am a pacifist.
I am Liberal
Cheering for the country or city that your from in sports events is no different than cheering for a team based on their skin colour.
I believe that, as a general rule, the State deserves no say over choices parents make for their children
I'm transphobic and think that differentiating between sex and gender is stupid.
North Korea should be absorbed into South Korea.
Beauty and the Beast is NOT one of the greatest Disney movies.
I believe that the mens rights movement is just a bunch of over privileged anti-women, sexist white males. Can you convince me its a legitimate movement? I'm also white and male so I have no gender/race bias.
Digital formats &gt; 16/44.1K have dubious value.
I believe that driving below the speed limit on the freeway for no reason makes a driver a road hazard.
I believe that people are attempting to replace the gender binary with something much worse.
Kickstarter is a scam. It's a charitable donation to a for-profit company; a bet that you can't win.
I am a Democratic Socialist and an Anti-Capitalist
I don't think community is possible in the 21st Century, and I think that's a shame. Please CMV.
I believe that there shouldn't be religious exemptions to laws.
Dating a friend's ex is not wrong
Cheerleading in professional Football is designed to be erotic
Instruments are stupid and obsolete
I believe the abortion issue is very easy to solve with the right definitions.
Women shouldn't be allowed to vote in America until they are forced to register in the Selective Service System.
The internet social justice community isn't against stereotyping, and thus isn't promoting any kind of meaningful change.
In general: people who use the 'beautiful on the inside' excuse really aren't.
"Cisgender" is the "default," so we don't need terms like "cisgender" or "cismale" or "cisfemale." They are used solely in a rhetorical manner.
The hatred of ketchup among self-professed "foodies" is arbitrary and irrational.
It is morally disgusting to defend /u/violentacrez and I lose respect for anyone who does.
America is Too Large to Function
I think the way alcohol is treated in cases of rape versus other areas of legal trouble is contradictory/dumb.
I believe the reddit downvote system is flawed and too easy to abuse.
Free Will and World Peace can never Coexist
I think constantly posting on Facebook is obnoxious and stems from insecurity about one's own life.
The Eurovision Song Contest should not have a jury.
Curving grades is a poor teaching practice that lowers the overall quality of an education.
Anyone who excessively supports and glorifies their countries military makes me sick.
"If you have the strength to kill yourself, you have the strength to continue living."
'Homeless Man Gets a Home' and other conspicuous acts of charity are ultimately self-congratulatory and exploitative.
CMV : People who, in a rage, 'black out' and hurt others are actually LYING and just don't want to admit to their crimes.
There is no point in #bringbackourgirls and the effort is self defeating
Lettuce Has No Place On A Burger
I don't think SRS (/r/ShitRedditSays) is as bad as people make it out to be, and is just pointing out bigotry.
K-12 should focus strictly on STEM.
Libertarians are primarily concerned with feeling correct, not about real world results.
The word 'hipster' is meaningless because it largely refers to the mainstream culture of the millennial generation; therefore hating 'hipsters' just means you hate people 20-30 years old.
In a society where all religions are embraced, religiously motivated crimes should go unpunished.
All prisoners should be on solitary confinement and never allowed to see each other.
Going out of your way on reddit to accumulate karma makes you a genuinely unintelligent person.
I think a valid, non-homophobic argument for not drafting Michael Sam because he is gay can be made.
If being gay isn't a choice, then it must be a birth defect.
Benghazi doesn't matter.
The axiom "the book is always better than the movie" is generally outdated and, on many levels, often mistaken.
I believe that actors who demand extraordinary amounts of money for their acting are cheap, money-centered people who no longer give a damn about acting.
Michael Sam didn't really accomplish anything groundbreaking today that merits being a top news story
Electing a Republican controlled government in 2016 might be a good thing.
Soccer is a much better sport than baseball.
The societal expectation in America that one should identify with a particular religious denomination and the ostracizing of atheist and agnostic people are hurting the country.
Organ donation should be mandatory
I think it is unfair to blame those that convince some one to do something for the actions perpetrated by the convinced.
People who go ga-ga for their pets and cute animal videos while sticking to an omnivorous diet are hypocrites.
I don't think that pride is ever really called for.
There is nothing wrong with the "Buffet Rule"
Economy is a zero-sum game.
The individual mandate in PPACA (Obamacare) is unprecedented under the Commerce Clause.
I Believe That Education Never Ends And People Need To Always Drive To Better Themselves
Ted DiBiase is the most deserving wrestler never to have won the WWF title.
I think the ultimate goal of the Prolife movement is to keep the class system in tact
My classmates' cheating devalues my degree
Denying Climate Change is Outrageous
I feel that abortion is no worse than delaying someone in traffic or accidentally stopping a friend mid-sex. CMV.
Selling fetal tissue should be legal
I think abortion is an acceptable choice, and I think it's ridiculous that it's looked down upon.
Videos from places like Khan Academy should replace textbooks in the classroom and students should be able to learn at their own pace.
Suicide is a cowardly and selfish decision.
Every Person on the planet should have the right to 4 things without charge: A home, Food, Healthcare, and Education.
Net neutrality is a bum deal.
The adversarial judicial system does not help determine the truth
I'd rather live a normal life inside The Matrix than barely scraping outside it.
There's nothing wrong with being lazy
I believe it isn't unethical for somebody to have a sexual relationship with an animal
I refuse to jaywalk at an intersection even when I can see no cars are coming.
It's absurd that companies can fire you for marijuana use, and not care if you get drunk each night, when the evidence says marijuana is of equal or less danger than alcohol.
I don't think that the ballet culture is responsible for eating disorders and unhealthy body standards; rather, people who shouldn't be taking ballet in the first place resort to those methods, when they shouldn't even be allowed to be involved
Kids should be placed in classes based on ability level, not age
I think I'd rather adopt kids (when that time comes) because I don't want to perpetuate my bf's or my genes.
Most computer user interfaces are basically awful.
I believe that America would not care if Boko Haram kidnapped 200 boys.
We should project all trash and waste into space.
I don't believe it's possible for an abusive monopoly to exist over a sustained period of time without being buttressed by the government.
Rotating shifts shouldn't be used.
I don't believe that information spread through "credible" propaganda sources (books, television, etc) should hold some sort of automatic higher legitimacy than information we see on the internet.
Imperial Measurements are completely useless
I don't think giving a subreddit default status is bad for it.
I do not think that all sex offenders are as immoral as the media and our culture paints them.
I think that texting and driving should be punishable by losing your license for at least 1 month, and posts to social media should be allowed as evidence.
I think politics should be a mandatory class in schools
When people say they hate the concept of homosexuality but not people themselves they are still bigots.
A social tier of humanity are using a complex system of policies and technology to bring about a new generation of peasantry.
I despise "rappers" that only rap about money, clubs, guns, etc.
Introversion Can Be the Oppressor and Not Only the Oppressee
India is a despicable country and why should I not hate all Indians.
I support the school voucher initiative.
[Mod Post] Regarding the "however minor" part of rule 1...
Celebrating everyday achievements for people with learning disabilities is pathetic and does the opposite of helping them integrate fully into society.
I would give up all my social contacts to become pretty much one with the online world.
Part of being pro-choice IS being pro-abortion.
I think people exaggerate the effects of climate change in response to climate deniers.
Fair use policies on internet usage are the best option for consumers
Political posts like Health Secretary, Education Secretary etc should only be held by academic experts in their field.
America is a terrorist state and it's citizens are modern day slaves.
Feminism is perceived negatively not because of radical feminists but because feminists don't call them out.
The pervasive criticisms of modern journalism on Reddit (and elsewhere) are incredibly misguided, unfair and ill-informed.
I believe that unless all the food a person eats is free range or organic, they have no reason to shun halal meat.
"Feminist biology" is no different than the "Deutsche Physik" of Nazi Germany and should be regarded with equal contempt as pseudoscience.
Deliberately increasing your caloric intake to add muscle ("bulking") leads to obesity later in life.
[CMV] I think less of people who use any kind of non-prescription drugs
Minimum wage should be able to pay for rent, food, and other living expenses.
I believe all major human problems can be solved by temporary population control, restricting people to 1 child per family at most.
I think there is no racial discrimination in the developed countries
I have no problem with clipping ears or docking tails on dogs
Omnipotence is impossible. Even if a god exists he/she is not omnipotent.
Net neutrality is a good thing.
Bernie Sanders would be no more effective as president than Barack Obama has been.
Bus routes shouldn't have consecutive stops within about 500 m of one another.
morals are relative
A person can retroactively consent to sex they had while drunk, no matter how drunk they got.
I have huge fear of death.
I feel that surrogacy is wrong
I think current squatter's rights are too excessive
A national minimum wage of $15 like the one facing Seattle is not viable for the rest of the country in 2014 and minimum wage was never intended to be a living wage.
I want my mother to die
There is no such thing like a spiritual dimension of the person.
I think that MRAs are sexist
I think George W. Bush was the worst president in the history of the United States
I believe all religion is man made
I think high-quality is a matter of taste and shouldn't be a rule
Nuclear power is not sustainable in the short or long term (unless we achieve fission) as the CO2 and other environmental costs of obtaining uranium and deposing of waste are prohibitive.
Cheesecake is a pie
Car horns are an ineffective safety mechanism and should be banned
If women have the right to abortion under the banner of "the right to bodily autonomy" I should be allowed to sell my organs.
If the United States became completely isolationist, then the world would be thrown into chaos.
Using FAQ areas on websites is just a lazy way of designing the content of a website
I believe in the existence of Natural Rights and I can't stand moral relativism
I believe people shouldn't blame video games for violence (long read)
I think spreadsheets should be deprecated and everybody should migrate to embedded databases
I don't like prologues and seeing a book has one will instantly prejudice me against it.
The Catholic Church has never reversed her teachings as it relates to faith and morals.
I believe that there are only two genders and three possible sexual orientations.
Having legislative prayer allowed is a (relatively) acceptable exception to the separation of church and state.
I don't understand why anyone would drink 2% milk.
I think neural implants aimed to increase an ability is unethical
There is nothing wrong or immoral with saving money, retiring early, and living a low-cost / low-income lifestyle.
GMO technology is not inherently bad.
I think killing a newborn baby and aborting a fertilized egg on the womb is the same
Going to college, don't want to live on campus
Gay pride parades are mostly bad and hurt gay rights as a whole
I don't think keeping up with current events is important [specifically USA]
The higher education system is irrevocably broken.
The current crisis in Ukraine will help cement a pan-European identity
I believe that abortion as a result of consensual sex (without contraception) is wrong.
The obsession with "natural" food has little to no basis in fact, and processed food isnt strictly bad.
The "check your privilege" phenomenon is not racist against white people; rather, it calls for an awareness of the cultural and historical reality in which we live.
I think I should learn what I want to learn in high school.
If we discover a species of aliens that at the time is less advanced than us, but is clearly more intelligent and will surpass us in technology in the future, the correct course of action would be to wipe that species out while we have the chance.
I believe the United States should remove all of it's tariffs over a 5 year period.
It would be easy enough to bring about change in the broadband world if all of the people who complained about poor service from Comcast/Charter/TWC had the nerve to cancel their service.
Legislation to ban denying genocide (regardless of country or genocide in question) is hypocritical and a tyrrannical infringement on the human right of free speech.
I think visiting a (legal, non trafficked) prostitute once in a while is better than fapping to pornography for lonely people, and thus should be more accepted.
I believe that the Dark Side of The Force is a corruption and not just "the other side of the coin" and that bringing balance to the force involves destroying the Sith.
The Brony community is a support group for people already ostracized by the rest of society.
People who play music on public transit without using headphones are obnoxious, and they just shouldn't do it.
I believe that religion prevents moral growth/change.
I am an egoist.
I think Sweden is too socialist for it's own good.
I believe there is something inherently disturbing/wrong with Japanese culture.
After spending a year with a sociopath, I now see peoples actions when dealing with others as either dominant or submissive.
CMV - I believe human civilization is doomed. *PLEASE* change my view.
I believe an ethical vegetarian or vegan diet is morally indefensible and delusional.
Humankind needs to settle on a purpose for our existence. By default we seek comfort, but that's not enough (it's why we have a shallow culture).
I love smartphones, social media and technology, I long for even more.
I think Robert A. Heinlein books are not very good, and I don't understand why they are on every top sci-fi books list.
I think using the word "Nigga" in media only expands on racial differences and encourages racism
Reduce use of animals in drug testing and use humans instead
The most practical way of saving species is to domesticate them.
I believe that information monopolies should be treated the same way as any economic monopoly.
I think it is wrong to legislate for net neutrality.
I don't feel bad for homeless people. It's their fault they're where they are.
I believe that, even if God does exist, the human race doesn't need him.
I think that legal Terms and Conditions notices are stupid
After spending the majority of a year with someone I believe to be a sociopath, I now see people actions when dealing with others as either dominant or submissive
I believe Fox News is an example of what news broadcasting shouldn't be.
There is nothing wrong with polyamory.
I think that Team Plasma, the main antagonists of the fifth gen of Pokemon (Black and White) have a valid point.
Christmas is no longer a Christian holiday in the United States.
I believe that a multiple choice test should be passed before people are allowed to vote on a particular issue.
The majority of Americans have no business buying and should be prevented from financing to buy a home.
I should be able to drive through red lights without penalty sometimes.
Business Studies degrees are a waste of time.
I believe Russia has done good in banning swears.
I believe "racist" greek party themes (Cinco de Drinko/Tokyo Drift) should be banned from my college campus.
I Think the Appalachian Trail Looks Boring
CMV. I believe in same sex and traditional marriage but not other types of marriage
I believe that many Redditors have tendency to favor core elements of fascism
I think quantum computing is a bust and will never work.
Motion pictures as we know them are rapidly on their way out and therefore, there is no point in me becoming a filmmaker, at least not in the traditional sense.
I believe the US government has no right to charge me property tax. CMV
It is not okay to drive under the influence of ANY mind altering substance.
I, an undergraduate student, shouldn't pursue a physics major
I do not believe the time and effort spent on open-ended long distance relationships is worth it
I believe there are in fact objective characteristics of beauty and that those who say there aren't simply dont wish to try and improve themselves
I know facebook and Google read my emails and chats, and I don't care.
I believe that for the time being, people should be forced to (or heavily discouraged from) study certain courses/pursue careers
I believe no man should be able to slap my SO's ass no matter how gay they are. (Or any other activity that would be unacceptable for straight men for that matter)
Due to automation, economics, and societal values humans will never leave Earth in large numbers.
I think that, no matter the quality of journalism, those who only know about a story through the news are too ignorant to have a valuable opinion.
I believe that married people in my Grandparents generation didn't really love each other.
Other renewable energy sources should be pursued instead of nuclear energy.
i think using peanut butter or nutella on waffles is better than maple syrup
The tumbler/SJW conception of Gender is contradictory
There's nothing wrong with being gay and engaging in homosexual acts.
From an athiestic viewpoint, nothing we do matters
Jealousy is an unhealthy and sociopathic emotion.
I think vehicles that stop at every train crossing put themselves at greater risk than not stopping at all.
I don't believe members of the military are anything special and I disagree with veteran idolization.
Drug testing on animals
Unsolicited bulk physical (snail) mail is more damaging than unsolicited bulk email and should be regulated/prohibited accordingly.
I don't believe I should pay a tip based on a percentage.
In war, a heroic defeat is better than a blundering victory.
I believe that the reddit shadow ban/ banning system in place is cruel.
America's "Nuclear Renaissance" should be realized in Northern Canada.
I don't see many positive things about this decade.
I believe it is just as wrong to hate on Christians for their religion as it is Jews, Muslims, or Buddhists
"X Privilege" as a phrase is no longer useful and the terminology should be abandoned in an effort to actually solve the issues presented by privilege.
I believe that long-distance running is the most difficult sport of all.
I believe that suicide at (most) any age, when thought through logically,and with a level head should be allowed and respected.
I Couldn't Care Less Each Time We Lose Another "Independent" Bookstore.
I argue that the best way to prevent children from being abused by pedophiles is to proactively minimize the taboo around non-offending pedophiles.
A belief in god is illogical and has no basis in reality.
I believe that if you can't parallel park, you shouldn't be allowed to have a driver's license.
I believe that universities should have an affirmative action program dedicated to increasing the number of students and faculty who hold conservative political views
We shouldn't be training service dogs for PTSD, but rather focus on a cheaper and quicker solution.
I believe that downvotes are about as useful as upvotes and should generally not be discouraged (for the most part).
Sub-Reddits designed for discussion should force you to reply, upvote a reply or report the post alongside every downvote.
I think anime covers the most thematic ground of any kind of animation out there.
I think it's irresponsible to own an English bulldog or other short nose dog due to inherent health problems
[MOD POST] Please refrain from downvoting comments you disagree with.
Free-market capitalism is real-time democracy
Hunter x Hunter is not a "fit" as a comic series or cartoon series for kids.
I think it is not a slippery slope argument to say that gay marriage will, or at least can, result in polyamorous marriage.
I believe excessively loud car stereo systems should be considered illegal modifications.
I think the Keystone XL Pipeline should be built for environmental reasons, and protesters are fighting against their own interests.
CMV I don't believe that it is wrong for a guy to ask a girl to prom if his date dumped him.
I want to undergo a revolutionary memory-zapping therapy to erase all the negative memories that pain me to this day, so they don't drag me down &amp; hinder me from aspiring for lofty goals in life. Though you'll likely fail, try to CMV.
CMV. Steve Harvey has taken the family out of Family Feud.
I believe that transgender people suffer from a mental illness akin to schizophrenia and should be treated as such.
I think that George Washington was an overrated President and shouldn't be regarded as on of the nation's greatest leaders.
Either the concept of "enthusiastic consent" should be applied to things besides sex, or it should be discarded entirely.
Most gay rights supporters are hypocritical, and think about sexuality the same way as conservative evangelicals do.
I do not believe that men should have reproductive rights
I think that piracy/freebooting should be considered acceptable if the pirated version of content is (or at least can be considered) better than the legal version
Change the legal definition of birth to when the birth certificate has been filed
i think venice should be evacuated and left to sink
Using Nazi comparisons can be a valid way of discussing a point
Believing that something is messing with the world is a completely rational reaction to all the bad news.
Sufficient amount of confidence for undertaking large tasks are mistaken for pomposity, egocentricity and arrogance
Nobody chooses his/her country of origin, so it is foolish to be proud of it/patriotic.
I think wired mice are better than wireless ones.
I believe UK universities are uninspiring and have lost their true meaning.
I believe the only feasible solution to Israel/Palestine is to make Gaza, Israel and the West Bank one State that provides civil rights to all it's people (Jewish and Palestinian)
I feel like it's stupid and irrational for fans of professional sports teams to say "we won" when in fact the team won and the fans watched it on TV.
I believe rapper Tupac Shakur is still alive and hiding.
A dress code allowing women to wear dresses, skirts, etc but mandates men must wear khaki dress pants is discrimination.
If you support freedom of speech but not freedom from censorship you're a hypocrite, especially where peoples livelihood is threatened (Brendan Eich, Donald Sterling)
Geographic Representation Should Be Replaced by Other Relationships in Democracies
I shouldn't neuter the full-grown stray cat that has adopted us.
I do not believe that there is any testable evidence or arguments that lead to the existence of the physical world.
As a man, I feel in many ways the idea of "rape culture" is misandrist and offensive, and is the crime of rape is highly politicized only because it affects mainly women.
I believe it is, for most people, a beneficial experience to use psychedelic drugs
Dealing with squatters should be a criminal, not a civil matter.
I believe that, to vote, people should prove a degree of selflessness (shamelessly stolen from starship troopers)
I think Tony Robbins and all similar acts are total scams.
Lana Del Rey
I think that 'racism' and associated terms are misused, inaccurate and should be replaced with criticizing 'prejudice'.
I believe that homeopathy works completely through the placebo effect
Higher insurance rates for young men is sexist.
Reddit should continue with the current system where mods own the reddits they create and should be allowed to run their reddits as they see fit and should not be subject to being voted out.
CMV The prime directive is selfish
Viewing child porn does not cause harm to the victims in the images.
Fresh Topic Friday - 05/02/14
I believe that using correct grammar is unimportant if the message is still clearly understood
I believe the Xbox One is useless and a poor excuse for a games console, please CMV.
I believe you should legalize all drugs.
I think religion does more harm than good and the world would be better without it
Consent and Safety should be included in Sexual Education classes.
The party system in the US is needlessly polarizing and oversimplifies complex issues into cookie cutter platforms. It's a dividing force.
San Francisco and the Greater Bay Area is actually pretty boring
I believe that the United States can be considered a Latin American country.
I don't think that banning abortion will actually have any affect on the number of abortions.
supporting English as a global lingua franca is supporting cultural and social inequality.
California should be split into two or more smaller states.
I don't believe in anything
I wish my body physically stayed 5 years old for far longer. (About 100 years, I guess.) CMV.
I think that graffiti on trees, rocks, nature in general is borderline no different to traditional urban graffiti.
What the Colonists did to take land from the Native Americans was no different than any other historical acquisition of land.
the media, particularly movies, encourage unrealistic expectations of the ideal boyfriend
I believe we should raise benefits and minimal wage not reduce them.
I believe that keeping my check register up to date is unnecessary.
Cigarettes should be outlawed.
I believe that Clayton Lockett deserved everything he got, and that the 8th Amendment should be altered, allowing all murderers to be executed in as close to the manner in which they themselves murdered as is possible.
I'm in favor of affirmative action in University, grad school, and professional hiring.
Legislators should face punishment for passing unconstitutional laws.
I do not believe there should be a federal minimum wage
BuzzFeed is the greatest website of all time and will become history's most prominent media org
I'm uncomfortable with dynamic of (male)Dom/(female)Sub BDSM relationships. Help me CMV.
Voting and similar activities involving huge groups are pointless.
I believe technology has simplified our society to a point where we are doing more damage than good.
Transgender people are either male or female, nothing inbetween.
I think the death sentence should be abolished
I believe that subreddits that do not allow for "dissenting opinions" should not be allowed to exist.
I believe America needs to take a step back, withdraw ALL foreign troops and focus only on our domestic situation.
If society thinks women are inferior, or people think society treats women as inferior, it is based on the fact that women are more dependent than men.
Watching/reading newspapers and television news has become almost completely unnecessary.
I think it is just an amazing coincidence that there have been so few major terrorist attacks on American soil since 9/11, and that Snowden is a great hero who did no harm.
I don't feel captain America 2: winter soldier was a good movie, since it was too close to GI Joe, but everybody puts it at the best captain America movie..
Conspiracy theorists raise valid points and it's wrong to disregard them all as "nutjobs".
I believe hunter and gatherers are more content with life than civilians in the civilized world
When people claim society thinks women are inferior, they really believe that men are inferior
I believe Israel's treatment of Palestinians is unjust and essentially modern day Apartheid.
I don't think the US should intervene in foregin genocides.
I believe the following changes would be good for US politics.
I would enjoy being shipwrecked on an island.
Reddit's reaction to the Donald Sterling incident has been a complete failure.
I think it makes no difference if I become a vegetarian.
I believe the idea that healthy food is more expensive than junk is a myth perpetuated by fatties
I don't think major sports athletes should be paid as much as they are.
We need another good, old-fashioned World War
I think it's morally ok to kill an animal for food, but I'm a vegan because I hate the way animals are treated, for such food..
I believe that Affirmative Action should be based on an index made from an individual's race and socio-economic status
White people shouldn't be allowed sing the n-words along with their favorite popular songs.
I don't believe grandparents deserve any rights when it comes to being able to see their grandchild(ren). I don't understand why US courts grant grandparents visitation rights despite the child(ren)'s parents being deemed fit.
Prostitution should be legal
the idea of "white privilege" is racist.
From all people, vegans (animal protectors etc..) are the most arrogant kind of persons in the world.
Anyone who thinks Donald Sterling is getting what he deserves should be willing to make their worst private conversations public.
I believe that the historical studies are unimportant and shouldn't be taught to everyone in school
I think that "cisgendered" and "cissexual" are unnecessary.
I think that Net Neutrality, as defined by the FCC, represents a threat to internet freedom, much like SOPA did.
I believe that the usage of the words "premium", "luxury", and "fresh" should be regulated in advertising.
I believe that there is no difference between women who sell their bodies for sex (prostitutes) and women who sell their bodies for procreation (egg/sperm donors or pregnancy surrogates)
I think it is environmentally irresponsible to have more than two children per two parents
The vast majority of people who debate online have no interest in what their opposition has to say.
History classes as they exist in the United States are not worth their time.
Abortion should be legal for the first 6 months after the baby is born.
I disagree that men not being allowed to wear women's clothing is a sign that being a woman is degrading
I do not think the second amendment is necessary anymore, and at this point it is a liability
I believe that whale hunting is fine and should be endorsed by more countries as means to bolster food stocks.
Adopting a dog from a shelter/rescue is no more moral than buying a dog from a reputable breeder
As a man, I find it odd that "shaved" has become the norm for female pubic hair. I don't think it's a fetish that I prefer women with "hair down there." [NSFW]
I believe that if mental disorders are to be taken seriously "reverse" disorders must be created too.
I believe that religion has done nothing but hinder humankind since its conception and that it is quite possibly one of the most corrupt and evil things ever.
Killing soldiers is equally wrong as killing civilians
I believe when all is said and done Donald Sterling will be able to keep his Clippers franchise and even may be able to get his lifetime ban overturned.
Marriage isn't a healthy thing
Photoshopping models, even to the extent of unattainability, is completely ok.
I feel that I'm destined to remain a virgin forever and am not meant for a intimate relationship
I think that voting third party in a presidential election is, overall, a waste of your vote.
I think there should be a European Federation.
I feel that sexuality and gender can be fluid for some and rigid for others. I also think gender roles are useless to society. Change My View!
I believe that life in the 21st century is harder mentally and more stressful because of competition, choices, and expectations of success.
I believe that there is no compelling ethical argument for infant circumcision (long post).
If you supported Brandon Eich (Mozilla's former CEO), but are silent on Donald Sterling, you are either acting cowardly or hypocritical.
I think moral laws can be established by logic &amp; science and would be preferable than those currently established by faith and cultural norms.
I believe that if the argument that "The death penalty cannot be used because we cannot be 100% sure of a person's guilt" is valid, it can also be applied to imprisoning that person, or to any other form of punishment, thus rendering the entire legal system useless.
I believe cognitive-enhancing drugs like Ritalin and Adderall should be available to everyone
I believe anti-smoking laws are completely arbitrary and exist only to make do-good politicians make themselves look good to the public.
I feel the world, as we know it, is close to falling apart.
Meat-eating is only right when the human eating the meat has a strong sense of context and identity with the ecosystem that produced the meat. (For this reason, roadkill is a morally superior food.)
The recent stabbing of a teacher in the UK highlights the benefits of strict gun legislation
Buzzed/drunk sex is not rape/sexual assault/a violation of consent in any way.
Donald Sterling's real problem is with blackmail, not black male.
Minors can consent
I believe that American universities have an immense amount of liberal bias and that it hurts students free speech.
Racism has disappeared a lot less than people think
I think most problems in the US are due to citizen apathy, but if we started caring then we could make this nation into anything we want
Grammar Nazis are pointless and correcting peoples' grammatical and spelling errors (on the internet) is pedantic
I believe that all religion was born out of the fear of death.
I believe "White Guilt" and other factors is crippling our reach for equality
I think that gender neutral pronouns such as Ze Zir and Zirs are counter productive and not feasible
I don't think semi-automatic assault rifles are any more dangerous than handguns
I believe all old people are frail and "not all there" mentally.
I believe liberals are hypocrites
I believe that the over-emphasis on identity promoted by SJW is dangerous to a pluralistic society.
I believe that birth control is not a "basic human right."
I believe that immigration is primarily beneficial to the very wealthy and is harmful to the middle and lower classes of a nation
Naruto is a boring series
I don't understand how anyone enjoys night clubs.
I Believe That Not Tipping On Principle Is A Cop-Out and Illogical.
CMV - The Lion King is hugely overrated
You should not enter in to a long term relationship if either party is not experienced
The Humean objection to the argument from miracles is conclusive.
I believe the majority of poor Americans are poor because they are lazy.
It is be acceptable for discriminate between athiest and religious people in a way that is completely different from discriminating between people of different religions.
"Stealing" dumpster from stores to save money is ethically right since it helps preventing environmental pollution and waste.
US Soldiers are deceived by a mis-guided sense of honor and pride in what they do.
Corporations should not be blamed for the current state of US politics, voters should.
As an atheist, I agree with the Catholic church and believe that IVF should be prohibited
I think rap music hurts blacks in America.
I think people who would deny criminals their human rights are worse than rapists and murderers.
I think that statements like "Humanity has an ethical obligation to expand to other planets to ensure the survival of the species" are ridiculous.
I believe that if someone is not above a certain academic threshold by say, 13, then we should teach them a trade.
road kill doesn't matter, a netural response to seeing an animal being killed is fine
The USA should have one "mega prison" for all 2.5 million of its inmates.
Debating Atheism vs. Theism is Automatically Logically Unsound
I don't see why attending graduation ceremony is such a big deal.
Community colleges and commuter colleges provide an inferior socialization experience when compared to a university located in a "college town".
I think all new cars should be required to have a ignition interlock device installed.
The net neutrality debate is silly.
Agnosticism is a non-contradictory version of the values atheists tend to endorse
Extended Time on Standardized Tests is Unfair
People who do not plan on having children should have the equivalent of a maternity leave if they want to embark on a major event in their life.
Donald Sterling has right to say what he wants in private. He also has a right to be racist.
The Men's Rights Movement (MRM) is oppositional to feminism and has no academic credibility.
America will crumble internally like the ancient Romans.
It is silly that people are trying to seriously promote Dogecoin as a serious cryptocurrency.
People who smoke have a weak personality
Lecture is an inferior way to teach math to problem-based learning, and high school math teachers and college math professors with reasonably-small classes shouldn't lecture at their students.
Suicide, consensual cannibalism, incest, voluntary euthenasia and early infanticide are morally permissible.
"Free speech doesn't you're free from being criticized" is used somewhat illogically.
I think my son's first car should look as much like a police car as possible, within the legal limitations.
Coins are outdated and should be removed as legal tender
I'm having trouble believing that hatred of any human being is justified.
To reduce injuries due to falls, prohibit stairs in new homes
The invention of TCP/IP by Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn was far more impressive and important than the invention of the Web by Tim Berners-Lee
I believe that prostitution should be totally legal, a socially acceptable job, and (for the consumer) non age-restricted.
I think it's ethical to lie when assessing global warming and potential effects on human civilization
You aren't morally responsible for anything
Most people who watch or follow professional sports have no reason to do so.
Nuclear is the future
I victim blame the guy who got raped in the linked thread
It is socially irresponsible to have more than two children.
Colleges should abolish most humanities as a degree option
Verizon is selling my browsing data to the highest bidder and I couldn't care less.
For any specific question (including this one) there can be only ONE right answer.
People who reason with "as long as they're happy, why does it matter?" are using tired, flawed logic.
I don't feel enough information exists about the potential health risks from second hand exposure to electronic cigarettes and I don't feel they should be allowed to smoke indoors.
Fast food, sugary cereal and candy companies shouldn't be allowed to use cartoon characters to appeal to children.
CMV - American use of foreign oil is a long term investment in the American economy and worldwide American control.
I think that victim blaming when it comes to rape is not always unreasonable.
Corporate strike action these days can only ever remind businesses how much control they have.
European Union should become a federal state.
More than 90% of journalism is useless or actively harmful
[Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood] Other than Father, Wrath was the strongest Homunculus.
Regarding WW2 Atrocities, the modern Japanese Government didn't change that much unlike Germany's.
Living in a big city in the modern world we live in is becoming less attractive.
I believe that college athletes should unionize and should be recognized as employees.
I think we should abolish timezones and have a universal time across the world
Journalistic Integrity is dead and it is a miracle that it ever existed.
It is ideologically inconsistent to be a libertarian who wants Net Neutrality
The vocal majority of reddit are bigoted towards Repulicans. This kills the potential for constructive political discussion.
I believe police should police/travel the roads more than set up speed traps.
I believe that current political campaign norms are wasteful, pervert the electoral process, and result in the effective disenfranchisement of the average citizen.
CMV - It would be a lot better for everyone if my brother just fucking killed himself.
I do not agree with the argument that suicide is immoral because it can upset those who care about an individual.
Cheap foreign labor is brought in by gov't/business to depress the wages of the countries workforce
Aptitude is a bullshit term.
Analog clocks are pointless.
I don't understand the ideal search for world peace
Multi-Level Marketing is an industry inherently based on manipulation
I find it difficult to enjoy works of fantasy that incorporate science/technology.
If a legitimate bomb threat occurs I will run away from the school rather then pile up in one place with the rest of my school.
Rich people should not be judged solely because of their wealth. This is ignorant and hateful. Please change my view.
I believe that mental health issues are largely related to suppression of primal urges. Much like the unusual behaviour observed of apes in captivity.
The Crimea should be Russian
I think the study of business contributes little to nothing to the progression of society.
I think Baseball and American Football are incredibly boring to watch.
I believe that feminism has become a radical and hateful ideology.
If you catch a foul ball at a game, you should NOT have to give it to a nearby kid.
i dont think capital letters should exist, they serve no purpose
The government should stop recognizing ALL marriages.
Abortion policy is not an issue to be decided upon by any man. It is exclusively a women's issue.
There's no such thing as a person who's both sex-positive and anti-abortion
Cliven Bundy is a domestic terrorist.
I hate anime and anything that comes with it.
There is no objective reason to support President Obama.
Common arguments against gun control that I think totally lack merit.
Being vegan is the most ethical way to live
I do not feel sorry for them when a vicious murderer, rapist or child abuser is raped in jail.
I think that rhetoric should take literature's place as a key subject in school.
the new Net Neutrality legislation, and why it will actually harm the Internet.
I belive that every college campus should be forced to allow concealed carry.
There's nothing wrong with "cultural appropriation".
Constant news coverage on the ferry disaster in South Korea is needless and unethical journalism.
I think it is inevitable that Spanish will become an official language of the United States, and that it should be required learning starting in elementary school and continuing through high school.
Any law that can be broken peacefully is not a law worth having.
Armed revolution is overall a bad idea.
I don't think trading card games are fair at all.
I think that the public education system in the United States is purposely sabotaging American children with standardized testing through the No Child Left Behind Act.
Conservative viable tattoos should not disqualify a presently serving enlisted Soldier from becoming an Officer
I believe the U.S. Senate should be abolished.
It isn't completely irrational to claim that god (i.e. creator) exists.
"Radical Islam" is a harmful and inaccurate phrase.
I think college boosters should be able to pay football and basketball players.
I am against ObamaCare, and free health care in general.
I think electoral abstention is a good thing
I think who enjoy people LOTR based movies are dishonoring JRR Tolkien
I am Voting No to Scottish Independence
Bullfighting is barbaric and has no place in modern society.
All of you reading this know you're not dreaming.
Slurs, while inappropriate, do not systematically enforce oppression.
The war in Afghanistan was moral and necessary.
I believe professional athletes in all sports should be allowed to use steroids or other performance enhancing drugs.
I didn't think the series finale for Psych was that great.
I believe I have logical proof of some sort of 'afterlife'.
I think the recent FCC decision that allows ISP to charge different websites different rates for faster connection speeds promotes soft censorship and hurts consumers.
Active euthanasia, illegal, is preferable to passive euthanasia, legal.
Women should not be allowed in combat units.
I believe that the improvement and proliferation of 3D printing technology is inevitable, and will make most current methods of gun control/prohibition impossible. Governments need to acknowledge this and address the root causes if they wish to treat gun violence as a major public concern.
As a part of background checks, teachers at public institutions who soap box publicly and identifiably should be fined or fired.
The United States should not drill any oil
Being somewhat unsanitary helps prevent you from getting sick.
Gender doesn't exist, so being transgender doesn't make sense.
The death penalty is irrational.
In civil cases brought by the government against businesses, all proceeds should be distributed to those harmed by the business, and nothing should go to the government.
International antiquities trade has no real effect on the world.
Jack White is the most talented musician of the current generation
The NSA isn't doing anything "bad"
I believe Edward Snowden's actions have invalidated any complaint he might've made against the US government/NSA.
The mark of an evolved human being is that they do not identify with their minds (ego)
I believe in a social setting (such as bars and clubs) Transgenders should tell people what sex they was born.
I believe smoking is a sign of low-intelligence.
I believe the police are functionally useless.
I view the recent killings by a mob in China as citizens exercising a lost natural right
I think fat food should be taxed with an excise similar to that of tobacco, gasoline and alcohol.
I believe that the kids in the lucky charms commercials are completely injustified in trying to steal the lucky charms from lucky. CMV
I believe there are certain US government functions that should not be privatized. Namely, the ownership and maintenance of infrastructure like roads and drinking water supplies. Also, I would be against the privatization of our National Park System.
Religious institutions shouldn't change due to social pressure, such as allowing women into positions of power, or accepting homosexuality.
Tarantino is completely stuck with the same themes, character types, dialogues, actors and music for the last 20 years.
Views, Beliefs, Opinions, Ideas and Morals are all subject to change, no matter how deeply held they are, given the right set of circumstances
I believe that the Al Qaeda attacks on 9/11 aren't really all that bad when compared to America's response.
I believe all human life is equally precious, and the death of a person should not be celebrated while another is mourned
I believe genetic engineering will inevitably have the same objectives as Hitler.
I think Truvada aka PrEP(Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis, an HIV prevention drug) is an acceptable substitute for condoms and that other potential STIs are treatable and/or not that big of a deal.
I think Shakespeare is not as great as people claim.
I have absolutely zero sympathy for people who commit suicide by throwing themselves in front of a train
Race-based Affirmative Action is outdated and no longer necessary. It also worsens racial tensions.
I believe that a cultural class should be mandatory to all high school students so as to better prepare them when aknowledging people from different cultures.
Veganism and meditation can save the world
I believe the United States should spend a great portion of their military expenditures towards other nations solely for goodwill.
VW makes better cars than Toyota
Considering 99.9% of all species that have ever lived on earth have since gone extinct, I do not think there is much significance to an endangered species dying out
Modelling (particularly Fashion) is the easiest, and least intellectually/physically demanding profession in the world.
Procreation ought to be severely regulated, and not considered an inalienable human right
I believe that human cloning is totally ethical
I don't think disrespecting the dead is worse than disrespecting the living.
America is the easiest country in the world in which to move up in social class, although even here it's still pretty damn hard.
CMV : I think living in the USA is pointless now if you want a happy future.
I believe that Rock and Roll will never be as great as it once was.
Suicide is ethically neutral.
I shouldn't put a premium on finishing the GoT books ASAP because, from what I have read, the show has improved upon them (possible spoilers).
Using substitutes or censors for profanity is no better than using the corresponding profane word.
I think people with minor speech impediments are dumb for not getting speech therapy.
I think talk therapy is a joke.
I believe that it is not morally reprehensible to purchase a puppy from a puppy mill rather than adopting one.
The word talent robs artist and other creative people diminishes the hard work and time spent perfecting their chosen skill.
I don't think the Boston marathon bombing was that big of deal
Asking for a source to validate the debater in a hot-button topic is pointless.
Sexuallity is not fluid
Buying a smartphone or other device with a fingerprint scanner is an unnecessary compromise of one's personal security.
I think that information we get about North Korea is largely false, and in reality people in there live decently.
If Portland can throw away 38 million gallons of water for no rational purpose, it should be selling water to California.
There is no actual basis for moral agency, personal responsibility or willpower, we are all victims (or beneficiaries) of circumstance.
Current Gen consoles seem like a waste considering they are similar to both each other and PC's.
Marriage is a joke nowadays.
Dualism is a tenable position in philosophy of mind.
Construction of the Keystone pipeline would reduce carbon emissions worldwide in the short- and long-term, and anybody opposed to its construction is indirectly harming the environment.
Smart phones and modern social media (like Facebook) are ruining human relationships.
"Marriage Equality" should include Polygamy and Inter-Family consideration in addition to just same-sex marriage.
I don't think excessive or invasive airport security is a bad thing
If you oppose eugenics then you should also oppose medical care
Crayon sharpeners are a huge scam!
My girlfriend is an organ donor. While admirable, I want her to opt-back out.
There is no qualitative difference between animals and humans, only quantitative.
Everyone should stop tipping
I believe political parties like UKIP are devoid of value in the political arena.
The term 'sexual assault' should never be used.
I think that Communism can work in small groups.
I think claiming you were raped is thrown around too often and not accurate a lot of the times.
Unmarried men shouldn't have to pay money in order to be considered for 50/50 custody of their children.
If a woman can choose to have an abortion, she should also be able to choose to be a prostitute.
I think it is unreasonable and evil to hold laws that are not enforceable due to knowledge.
Graveyards are a waste of land and a new approach to handling bodies should be adapted, rather than continuing a superstitious tradition.
Consciousness is ultimately a "curse"
At 24, I am too old to start a career in something brand new-- like becoming a cartoonist with zero art training, or writing a play without a background in creative writing.
Osama bin Laden should've been tried
I think bicycle helmets are not necessary, and paradoxically make bicycling more dangerous.
The US president should have the final say in the bugdet, not the other way around
God, the creator of the universe, not only lacks evidence of its existence, but is logically impossible.
Communism isn't a fair system.
I went from pro-choice to pro-life after trying to rationally reflect on the issue. Please critique my reasons for doing so.
I believe that the wealthiest Americans should be taxed just as much as the poorest.
I think the risks of nuclear power are way too high - and chernobyl and fukushima have proven it
If you go into an energetic/aggressive moshpit, you can't complain if you get hurt.
Movies like "The Wolf of Wallstreet" fail miserably in conveying any message, are highly overrated, and do nothing to raise the standards of the film industry.
I think Hatha Yoga is bullshit. And possibly a scam.
I don't believe in historical progress. I Believe America is still segregated, patriarchal, racist, Slavery still exists, &amp; Nothing has changed ect.
I think the President should enforce every law passed by Congress, even if he disagrees.
I believe that the captain South Korean ferry that sunk did nothing morally wrong.
I do not blame the mods of /r/technology for the censorship and decline in quality in that subreddit.Instead, I blame the admins for condoning allowing mods to hold so much power.
Game of Thrones is not as good as people think it is. [May contain spoilers]
People who are poor and their allies are upset not because they lack goods and services but because their lives are empty of meaning.
I don't believe you should be responsible for the actions of other people who are on your property without your approval.
I am for using PUA techniques to get women and think that women have to be manipulated for sex
Being anti GMO is an extremely conservative position, and that many "liberals" are far from progessive
Multiculturalism has no benefits
I don’t think the idea of a ‘new world order’ sounds like a bad idea.
I think people who live unhealthy lives who need organs should get them from less than pristine cadavers.
Transgender tendencies are a mental disorder and should be treated as such.
I want to switch majors my last semester in college.
Children should be raised by both of their biological parents with adoption restricted
I think that lead ammunition is harmful to people and the environment and that it should be banned.
I think Russia invading Ukraine is a bad thing.
Any graded essay/paper given by the school should be assigned before it's due.
Removing Black Widow from Marvel's The Avengers would not change the story in any major way
I believe that proper schooling in the liberal arts is a necessary aspect of any education.
High schools should be given an incentive to compete with other high schools to give the highest quality education.
I believe there should be a maximum quota for white males in colleges, institutions and companies: affirmative action is insufficient and still allows racists and misogynists to prosper.
This might sound mean, but I love Asian girls and yet I worry if I have a family with one and have a boy, he may grow up to have a small penis.
I'm Pro-bullying. Or at least ANTI-anti bullying campaigns I've seen. Long Text Inside.
Most of the people posted to /tumblrinaction deserve to be ridiculed.
The Supreme Court was right to overturn part of the Voter Rights Act.
Professional gaming is as valid/respectable a career choice as any other professional athlete and should be treated as such.
People that ride bikes for exercise or pleasure on dangerous roads are morally, not legally, wrong.
Even if 50% of gamer's are female, they are not necessarily 50% of the financial contribution to the AAA gaming industry and because of the majority rules attitude of big business, it doesn't make it a boys club.
Extreme sports that require little skill or don't use reasonable safety equipment are unimpressive, kind of pointless, and make me question the sanity of those involved.
The Equal Rights Amendment is a pointless waste of everyone's time.
I Believe That Chicago Deepdish Pizza is Inferior to New York Style
I should be embarrassed of my personality.
I believe the Stock Market is fundamentally immoral.
I believe society is assbackwards. I believe the human race has been manipulated and controlled over the course of the past 5000-10000 years.
I think it's perfectly acceptable to be rude to people (bums) who ask you for money.
Africa needs more agricultural technology, not less.
Futurology, The Study Of The Future, Should Be Taught In High School
I don't believe schools should have later start times
Most vodkas taste pretty much the same
I believe any first-world government should have space travel as a highest priority.
If your SO made long-term plans before you two met/ started dating, you have no right to try to change those plans. Change my view.
I see no way to justify using public policy to combat climate change regardless of the science.
I believe tipping + low wages are a perfect acceptable practice
Most vodkas taste pretty much the same
Crosses. Why are they looked at as a holy symbol, instead of a means of execution?
Drone attacks aren't any worse than manned attacks
I sometimes think, when reading about a girl who falsely accused someone of raping them, that they should get raped.
I believe that insanity should almost never be a legitimate defense in extreme cases such as murder, etc.
I don't believe having sex with drunk people is to be considered rape.
There is absolutely no consistent, nor necessary, precedent for insisting the word racism means "privilege+power" and it is in fact Orwellian in theory and in practice.
Psychiatry is a quack profession
Free will is an illusion
insuring freedom of speech and thought in more important than any other societal goal
to promote marriage, government should enact policies that reward marriage
I don't think there is a reason to pay unsecured, non-interest bearing debts if you won't seek new lines of credit in the future.
I believe there is never a reason to tailgate.
People who cut themselves in highly visible places are excruciatingly pathetic.
The United States, Canada, and Australia are the only countries in the world where Jews can get a fair shake at life, 99.7% free of discrimination. CMV
CMV : It is acceptable to have your phone out when sitting at a diner table or during similar social set-ups if the people you are with are OK with it
Tort reform and damage caps are unconstitutional and bad policy.
I think the idea of labels in inherently harmful to society
I think affluent couples who can conceive are morally obligated to do so.
Reducing nuclear power generation in Europe is unwise
Claiming that people are allowed to hold whatever religious views they want implies correctness is not important or valuable in society
Self-diagnosing is not only detrimental to yourself, but to the whole mental health community.
I feel that it is perfectly all right for me to indicate a same-race preference in the personal description section of my roomate application.
CMV I believe action movies are subsequently ruined by romantic sub-plots
I believe drugs should stay Illegal.
I believe that China and Japan have a vested interest in keeping tensions high
I think language death is a good thing. The more unified we are as a species the more we collectively prosper.
I think the Republicans have repugnant social views, but it doesn't matter because none of them will be enacted
I believe it is immoral and contemptible to value the lives of animals over humans in a general sense, and that those who hold this belief are--ironically--typically members of the very class of people that they themselves claim make them disdain humanity.
I do not believe that World War III would likely be fought with nukes.
I don't think being against gay marriage necessarily makes you a bigot.
Women who drink/smoke/use drugs during pregnancy and carry the child to term should be put in prison.
I believe early abortion is acceptable as a late emergency contraceptive.
I believe the Democratic Party is incapable of efficiently achieving real progress in their goals.
I believe there should be a 'fat tax' on certain unhealthy foods, or none on tobacco.
Reposts aren't a big deal and complaining about them is childish
I think every charity that focusing on saving animal lives instead of human ones needs to get their priorities straight. Change my view.
Protists could not have evolved into the diverse species we have today
I think #Selfies are awesome. I do not understand why they are getting a bad rap.
Satanism, as a moral philosophy, is terrible.
I believe all rapists should get the death penalty
One man can't make a difference.
There is no such thing as Black culture, White culture, Gay culture or any group that you cannot choose to enter or leave.
Russia unambiguously owns Crimea now.
Kurzweil's idea of mind-uploading is logically absurd
I don't think people should get married without knowing someone for at least a year
If a corporation, after doing a cost/benefit analysis, determines that breaking a law/regulation will provide a net gain in shareholder value, it follows they must do so.
I think it is perfectly legitimate to say you are not racist or classist but generally avoid people who are a part of "ghetto culture".
Affirmative Action is not a solution to workplace inequality.
American democracy is screwed until we have an open minded and well informed citizenry that embraces the value of learning.
There's nothing wrong with language death and attempts at revitalizing dying languages are a complete waste of time and effort.
I believe that ideas that are dangerous to human civilization (like inaction on climate change) have no place in a political decision-making context and should be outside the realm of free speech.
While correlation does not imply causation, one can still make reasonable inferences from these which shouldn't be dismissed out of hand.
I honestly dont care about the environment nor any wild animals (not PETS)
It is frustrating to hear people in America blame their failure to succeed on their race/ethnicity/skin color.
If two drunk people have sex, no rape or sexual assault was committed. Or, alternately, each of them sexually assaulted the other.
Your moral right to the fruits of your labor in excess of your needs does not outweigh your moral obligation to see to health and care of your fellow citizens.
I believe that chivalry is degrading to women.
I believe that advertising which manages to genuinely entertain or amuse me is functionally equivalent to pure entertainment, and that there is nothing wrong with companies trying to advertise clandestinely on sites like reddit if they can achieve this.
GMO food is very important to sustain the human population on the planet and banning these plants would cause world hunger.
Socially Awkward People are Unfairly Discriminated Against
Laws that require the consent of all parties present to record audio are harmful and immoral.
Money does buy happiness.
I believe retirement is overrated and that society should stop assuming that this is a norm for people
I don't believe there should be a legal difference in terming something a hate crime.
Logic &gt; Emotions
Economy monopole is not in the advantage of the consumer
The anti-tech people in San Fransisco are misinformed and have misplaced their anger about their current city's living conditions.
I believe if homosexuality can be justified, than rape could equally be justified by the same grounds.
The 2000s is better than the (mid) 2010s
Everybody should have personal liability insurance
Undocumented youth ought to be allowed to attend university in the U.S. without discrimination of any kind.
Joining an apprenticeship to become an electrician is better than a CS major
Bank of America is alright. I am satisfied with their service and have served my needs as a college student.
Consequentialism vs Deontological Ethics, Particularly in the Legal System, using an example.
I *really* don't want to have this view: When all STIs are cured, there is nothing wrong with having consensual, non-violent oral sex with a child and that the psychological damage is cultural
Animals (especially outside of great apes and dolphins) should not have rights at all
I think consensual sex/relationships between blood relatives of legal age should be legal.
Free speech zones in government buildings aren't as bad as people make them out to be
I do not believe raising the minimum wage would have a positive impact on the economy
For average US citizens, tax returns should be optional or pre-filled, like they do in many European countries.
Breaking up couples if you think one person is not good enough for the other is a moral obligation.
I don't think it's constitutional to disallow incestuous marriages.
belief in free will implies belief in a soul or other supernatural entity
The Beatles are overrated and should not be considered a good band.
I believe serial killers are mentally ill and should not be considered monsters or "evil people"
There is no such thing as a Soul.
Amateur elite sport is of little to no value to everyone except the participating athletes, and consequently of questionable value to even the athletes.
CMV - I believe that we should adopt a maximum wage, where nobody in society is able to make more than a certain set amount of money.
Chekov's Gun, as a principle of storytelling, is a terrible idea
I believe that there is no moral difference in eating cat, dog or horse than there is in eating other meats.
The U.S. government should NOT regulate advertisements to children.
Certain human lives are more valuable than others
Colleges that have campus wide smoking bans are unjustly demonizing smokers and doing it for their own self interest, not the health of their students.
Instructional textbooks made of paper for school, university or any other type of learning are deprecated.
It's not unhealthy for an individual's social life to be mainly (if not entirely) compromised of online interactions.
Free will does not exist.
everything is predetermined. the universe is an un-winding clock.
Rational Belief Is Inferior To Epistemically Rational Belief
Judging activities based on productivity or benefit to society gives you a very dull outlook on life.
I think that unless you have dependents, all "inheritance" should go to government services
College should be free for at least 2, maybe 4, years, like high school.
What's the point of living if I'm just going to die and not remember any of it?
I do not believe that there is an inherent value to something being "real".
I believe being involuntary celibate (incel) is a sign that there's something wrong with you, and these people are generally dangerous and likely to later become redpillers and other sort of sexist misogynist
The Nuremberg defense is generally valid.
If someone attacks me or threatens me on the street, I have every right to shoot them dead to protect myself and my family.
I think organ and tissue donation should be compulsory upon death.
I don't think I should feel guilty about being born male,straight, comfortable in my own skin and lucky enough to live in a stable country.
I think /r/trendingsubreddits is a very big step in the wrong direction and undermines some of Reddit's most unique qualities.
I believe that nobody has the right to kill another human being.
I think it makes absolutely no sense that alcohol is legal whilst cannabis is not [UK].
The whole Bundy Ranch thing going on in Nevada isn't really about the government takeover of land to use for nefarious purposes but about a rancher who doesn't like change and refuses to pay grazing rights on public land that isn't his.
Justin Bieber's actions are a product of all the cumulative hate that he has received.
Banksy isn't doing anything profound or deep. He is doing art that is cliche and requires almost no thought to understand.
The only good definition of the word "Indie" when applied to music is Independent Record Label.
I think piercing a baby's ears is cruel and unnecessary.
I believe protest and advocating immediate change are not productive tools to reform corruption.
I believe that watching, following and discussing professional sports is a huge waste of time and doesn't benefit a person in any real way.
I believe anyone who uses "x privilege" in a discussion is a horrible person and a parasite on society.
God in the sky that rewards or punishes people and Gunships in the sky (Winter Soldier) are basically the same.
I don't think porn is influential on people's perceptions more than TV and Movies.
Parents shouldn't force their children to join their religion without asking them.
If I hear that somebody is a member of UKIP/completely anti-EU I instantly assume that they are either misinformed, wilfully ignorant or incapable of understanding facts (UK viewpoint)
I think that the use of live animals in student labs is cruel and unnecessary.
Backing in to parking spots is a lot more efficient than pulling straight in and then backing out when you leave
If I die during a zombie apocalypse, I do not want my friends to shoot me.
I don't think skin lightening products are any sadder than other forms of cosmetic adjustments.
This Bundy Ranch guy is a tax dodger who deserves to have his cows taken away
Receiving gifts from my SO's family makes me feel indebted and ultimately uncomfortable.
It is ludicrous for a couple to save their virginities until they are married.
I think that PewDiePie gets way more hate than he deserves.
I think Beer Pong is the best drinking game.
I should expose my classmates and I's cheating during our final semester of university.
used to not care about firearms rights. But now am finding myself leaning toward anti firearms due to how eager they seems to be to use it as a first resolution
Having MORE of our resources (salaries, intellectual abilities etc.) dedicated to finance will address the concerns about human welfare that ideas such as Occupy were about.
Parents should not be given special treatment by employers at the expense of their childless colleagues.
Despite many bemoaning otherwise, word "literally" is not coming to mean "figuratively".
Romantic love is a manifestation of the broader phenomenon of addiction
I am a Redpiller.
The UN should introduce a global minimum wage or even reverse income tax. This could reduce economic inequality both within and between all the nations in the UN.
Our culture's relationship to sex is much more unsafe than anything tagged NSFW
people actually having a kid should have to jump through just as many hoops to have a kid as adoptive parents.
i think all political positions should require a term limit (i'm in the US)
i believe that all patriotism is BS
Religious moderates are intellectually unfair
Everything is predetermined and humans don't have free will.
I think Prom is a waste of time
I believe that libertarians should consider the Republican Party the lesser of two evils.
i think it would be courteous to allow cars backing up in parking lots to have the right of way
Even moderately attractive women never have to be alone because they are constantly being pursued by every goober in town. CMV.
I believe in universal healthcare for everyone. However, I do not believe obesity-caused diseases should be fully covered under it. Money should instead go to other areas meant for reducing obesity.
I believe all candidates for public positions such as President should be tax audited and the results made public.
I don't feel like I need to stand and take my hat off whenever the national anthem is being played before events or any other time.
"Human rights" as a measure of justice is a bad idea.
Tourism is bad, and tourists are ignorant.
The reddit admins should take a more active role in busting people who "collect" subreddits and use them to push unrelated agendas.
The decline in violent crime in the early-mid '90s is mainly the result of Abortion becoming legal 20 years earlier
Death Penalty
Charity for the most part does not solve problems but rather perpetuates the problem
I think free public showers should be provided for all, especially for the homeless.
I think there is nothing wrong with people under 18 seeing pornography.
I don't think hard drugs should be legalized, but I see no logical place to draw the line.
Cannabis is a strong psychoactive substance and whether or not it is less dangerous than alcohol or tobacco has no bearing on its legality
The festival of Passover commemorates a foul, grievous, and premeditated, crime by God. Such a god is unworthy of worship.
9/11 did not deserve anything like the reaction it got, and the US people and government basically went completely insane after it happened.
I believe that worship if the Sun, the Moon, and the components of Nature is totally acceptable
I think that the Iraq and Afghanistan wars were good for Iraq and Afghanistan.
I think human beings are fundamentally selfish
A person cannot be 'proud' of something they haven't accomplished themselves, so terms like "white pride" and "proud to be X-nation" are oxymorons.
The death penalty can be justified, but the standard of who deserves it should be raised.
I hate LeBron James.
The book Dune, despite being historically important, is actually not very good.
I believe paying more than $10K for a semester of undergrad is a ridiculous waste of money.
Debating political view points is basically pointless, because people will never concede their point of view can be flawed
I believe that schools should have a 'three strikes and you're out' policy.
Sex isn't that great.
I think full freedom makes us lonely, hostile, weak and unhappy
world population growth is nothing to worry about due to human nature, long-standing trends in world fertility rates, and the coming wave of automation.
Everyone rightfully hates Westley Crusher. Aside from him, Gates McFadden, AKA, Beverly Crusher, is the weakest of the Star Trek TNG cast.
Party Hosts should not be held liable if one of their guests drinks too much and injures someone or themselves.
ASSFAGGOTS is the most fitting acronym for the genre of video games that includes League of Legends and Dota2.
"Moe" anime is annoying and uninteresting
I believe a armed revolution by the citizens of the United States would fail.
A bright homeschooled kid who is willing to work through summers can easily finish Calculus in 9th grade.
I think that whoever has an addiction is weak and deserves whatever happens to him
I believe it is wrong to judge Justin Bieber and Miley Cyrus because they became famous as children.
No personal information should be released about the defendant in a court case until they are found guilty.
Deep sea mining, in the case of the US doing it, is good.
Whether the word "nigger" and/or "nigga" are offensive or not should be based on intent and context, not the color of your skin.
Being white and "wearing bindis" or having your hair in dreadlocks etc. *is* negative cultural appropriation, and it *is* wrong.
I think it should be legal for two consenting adults to fight if they want to.
Byzantium was not Rome
The 50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, and 90's is a better time for America than today.
women should have a different driving test and driving fines than men
I think that much of social construct theory is baseless, as social constructs must ultimately originate from genetic predispositions.
Pacific Rim was average
I think a gun shooting incident is as horrendous as a bomb explosion, if the number of victims is the same [NSFW]
American culture has become too individualistic
I think DJs get far too much praise for what they do.
There is no reasonable explanation for anybody to believe in one specific religion.
gaming consumer loyalty is actively hurting consumers and the gaming comunity
Prostitution should be legal (for those 18 and older).
It is unacceptable to use the term "faggot" (on the internet or otherwise) as an insult.
I believe that employers have the absolute right to not hire people with tattoos, piercings, coloured hair, etc.
If I need to turn off my cellphone, you need to turn off your baby.
I'm scared of Asian nations (particularly China) because of the uniformity and conformity that their culture and society seems to represent.
Classic literature is not only overrated, but incredibly simplistic compared to modern literature that it shouldn't be taught in schools
I believe that emulation presentation of cultures different from your own are acceptable so long as it's intent is not malicious. Example article inside thread.
Intimate relationships are a form of entertainment.
Just as a teacher gets a heavier-than-usual punishment for breaking public trust and sexually abusing a child, so elected officials should receive heavier-than-usual punishments for corruption.
I believe people that have made multiple suicide attempts are clearly not suicidal and just want attention or pity.
I believe people people shouldn't take offence to things that weren't purposely intended to offend them.
I believe you should never EVER talk to a stranger on public transit except in the most extreme of emergencies. ESPECIALLY if you're a guy trying to talk to a woman you find attractive.
I think euthanasia is the most humane way of dealing with stray cat and dog populations. Our human obsession with death is the only reason people react strongly when animals are put down en masse.
I kind of want one, unified, government for Earth/Humans along with one currency, even though it seems like the average person doesn't want it.
I believe that being too sensitive when faced with questions has caused transsexuals to be considered outcasts.
Women in the military should have to shave their heads, or men should be allowed to grow out their hair.
I think that musical remixes do not 'infringe' on copyright. CMV!
I belive we should stop teaching children that they are "Special".
Almost any statistic that features American behavior by state should include Canadian provinces as well.
I'm starting to agree with theredpill's ideology even though I didn't intend to.
Credit Unions should have their tax-exempt status revoked.
I believe that charging guys more than girls to get into clubs is sexist.
To improve school attendance, make child tax credit conditional
I believe "that the oppressed have a right to class-hatred against the class that is oppressing them". Change my view.
Filming smoke or someone smoking in movies/tv shows is generally not artistic, and a lazy way to "do something a good director would do."
With the announcement that David Letterman is retiring from the Late Show, I do not understand the fuss over replacing him with a woman or a person of color.
I believe that the current dialogue for immigration and ethnic equality is intentionally self-righteous and is discouraging Whites from participating in a more authentic dialogue.
Being a person whom is completely not religious, I've found that the most artistic positive people think the same. Our consensus is that there is no healthy reason to presume you know what the grand existance is in the first place.
I think any religion that incorporates the idea of faith is inherently irrational and therefor isn't true.
SCOTUS with McCutcheon has declared the US a plutocracy. The US people should begin a coordinated campaign to run the banks.
I don't believe an orchestra conductor actually does anything useful during a concert performance
Parents with 3 and or more kids should be taxed more (per kid too) to control the population
I believe that taking a non-working pet to a vet is a waste of money.
Besides financial support, I find my parents useless
I believe driving skills should be evaluatated again every 5-15 years after getting a license, CMV
The NCAA Tournament was rigged.
The pressure for Brendan Eich to resign due to his views is not desirable for society.
Hunting is not fair, and there is no point in distinguishing types of hunting that are 'more fair' than others.
Culture and art are an entertainment, and therefore, they are useless and unnecessary.
I think in today's society libraries are useless.
I believe that there should be certain qualifications in order to vote (U.S.)
I believe no one person can fully appreciate another person's suffering, and therefore it is fallacious to claim actors which participate in racial &amp; gender bending are offensive because they do not understand the historical suffering of the characters they portray
Korea would have developed differently and would not be so isolated, despotic, and militarized if the U.S. hadn't committed troops to the region.
i think if the mere act of acknowledging that you don't share faith is an insult to your faith, then it's not very strong to begin with
Life is meaningless.
Nixon is the greatest American statesman.
Unschooling doesn't give kids the life skills they will later need
I believe that paparazzi photographers make no meaningful contribution to society, CMV
Anything you can say about "the rich" or "the 1%" can also be said about attractive women of any background.
Anarchism, while attractive, is inherently unsustainable. It must either allow the formation of a state antithetical to it's ideology, or form a state to prevent such an event.
I don't believe it is right or wrong to pay sources for news stories.
Frozen and canned fruits and vegeatables are better than fresh
I think men got it worse than women in general in life.
I should not pay taxes if I can avoid it and get away with it
Abortion is bad
I feel that human rights are relative to culture and not universal.
Feminism exists primarily because too many men have failed to protect and provide for women.
While I believe feminism did a good job opening up options for women to better fully express their freedom in America, it also allowed corporations and greed to erode the amazing privilege the middle class had to have a single earning household.
Students should be allowed to use all internet resources and work with other students on assignments and projects without it being called cheating.
A Person with Unchangeable Views Is, in a Way, Godlike
I don't believe old people have the right to be jerks just because they've gone through life
I believe that the Westboro Baptist Church is overall a force of good in this nation.
NCAA players should be paid something more than scholarships.
I believe religion/faith is the weak point of humans, CMV.
Hiring practices in the US are idiotic, and a tremendous waste of human life, time, and potential
I believe all socialists/communists that openly support Third World Nations' Governments that follow this ideology (Venezuela, Lybia, Bolivia) are complete hypocrites.
I Really don't see a future for myself. Please CMV
Higher education should be less inclusive
I think sexuality is a choice (disregarding certain medical/genetic dispositions)
Fishing for fun is cruel
Campaigns to get individuals to recycle, reduce emissions, and reduce waste are just a tactic to shift the blame away from corporations, who are the real cause of our environmental problems
I don't think the American system can be permanently cleansed of corruption and waste if we do not either restrict voting to those who pass a test, or mandate voting from every eligible voter.
Whole fresh basil leaves of all varieties are superior to all varieties of pesto.
Morality is possible without God and inherent human rights don't exist (with explanation)
Even in a liberal society, there's no need to be tolerant of every viewpoint
Speeding shouldn't be a crime
The Wii Fit Trainer is a stupid addition to the Super Smash Bros series.
I believe we shouldn't separate the genders for anything.
I don't believe that tipping servers in America is in any meaningful sense "mandatory"
I feel guilty for eating meat and I don't think humans should.
It is not in game publishers best interest to shut down fan-made remakes
I believe most people (including myself) don't know enough about the economy and politics to debate politics.
I think USA is not the best country in the world at baseball
I strongly feel that scientists especially Physicists should be allowed to patent their theories
Presidential elections are not appropriate for budding democracies like Egypt and Afghanistan.
I believe that women who wear the hijab/burka are just brainwashed by the religious dogma of their parents.
I do not think there is anything inherently bigoted in making fun of accents.
I think everyone on earth should speak the same language.
There is nothing special about the human mind in theory; were anything synthetic or alien able, mechanically, to match it's specs, it would be either identical or superior.
I believe caffeine shouldn't be allowed to be added to beverages (unless marketed as an Energy Drink)
'Guillermo' from the Jimmy Kimmel show is an insult towards Hispanic minorities.
I think pirating media someone never would have bought anyway doesn't harm anyone.
I believe [US] Republicans are more reliant on personal attacks than Democrats.
I get overly upset when otherwise savvy people get excited about their big tax refund. Chang my view
I don't really think Frozen is all that great in comparison to other Disney movies (WHOOPS THERE ARE SPOILERS IN HERE)
I think that horse racing is cruel and should be banned
I don't think the strategies used by Ender in Ender's Game were particularly clever, and could have been utilized by most people with military strategy training.
Developers of e-sport games should balance their game not as a spectator sport, but as a game.
State governments should include within power-of-attorney the legal benefits currently granted only with marriage licenses, then stop issuing marriage licenses.
Robotic Surgeons should replace human Surgeons
Humanities are important to the development of society, but they do not deserve public funding
I believe that depression is a societal induced placebo
The hive mind of reddit (or similar) could develop a much better way to interview / lobby political figures that currently undertaken by journalists in the mainstream media.
I think that private businesses have the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason
I don’t think the series finale of How I Met Your Mother was well-done in any aspect, and I feel unsatisfied and angry. Change My View!
Babies are worthless because they are very replaceable, have no personalities, are completely helpless parasites, and bring nothing to the table.
I think marathons are masochistic and unhealthy.
I consider safe shelter , nutritious food, and quality education and healthcare universal human rights.
I don't believe fast foods or Wal-Mart type jobs should pay more than minimum wage.
The USA should enact a one-time mass-redistribution of wealth to correct the 1%/99% imbalance along with a Basic Income and the outlaw of Renting.
I think the Administration's response to the Benghazi attack is kind of a big deal.
If you say that you play a ranked multiplayer game "just for fun", I immediately throw you in the same group as girls on tumblr who dress up in lingerie and hump controllers for page views.
I despise people involved in the military, CMV.
Stranger danger is a very wrong thing to teach kids.
A life with religion is more meaningful and fulfilling than one without.
If society thinks a 35 year old man is wrong for wanting, and trying, to have sex with a 17 year old girl, society is based on lies
I think Israel has the right to proactively defend itself given how threatened and surrounded it is, I believe if they let their guard down for a second they would be annihilated.
I believe people who are good-looking have a huge advantage in life over others.
Coverage of infants by health insurance should be optional
Anti-immigrant sentiment in Europe is based on the same bad principle as indigenous rights in the USA, Canada and Australia
I think the US tipping culture is ridiculous. [CMV]
My student loans are going to be so big by the time Im done university that the cost of buying a guitar now wont matter
Bitcoin is the future of money
I think America has become self-absorbed.
I think that atheists are just as illogical as they think theists are
Men and Women should be held to the same standards when it comes to physical abilities test for employment.
I don't believe that it is wrong for people to tell others how to avoid getting raped or abused sexually even if it concerns presentation of ones self CMV
I believe that every decision I make in life should be for the maximum possible benefit for only myself
The modern summer camp setting is an acceptance circle jerk. CMV
I believe that it is immoral for pastors/priests to use Church funds to buy personal items.
i think the violin is inferior to the viola and cello
I think keeping money in the bank is unsafe.
A hetero couple does not provide significantly more for a child (in raising a child) than a gay couple.
I believe in the paranormal, ghosts etc. I feel.I have paranormal encounters often. Please CMV.
As a 17 year old, my father recieves child support from my mother. Soon he will be getting back support of about 4 grand. I expect some of this.
Please  eternal torture Hell is the result of the biblical God desiring it to exist, and is responsible for all sin
Retail workers should be allowed to take tips from customers
I sometimes can't stand people in the military.
Superman is the most boring and worst superhero.
"You can't impose your morals on others" is an invalid argument
I believe I use the computer all day because old people watched too much effing television and now it's too important to put away.
I really think watching a daily TED Talk helps you get culturized.
I believe discriminating people based on tattoos and piercings is wrong.
I should get a sex doll to improve my sex and love life.
I feel that the Hive Mind of Reddit isn't any better than the Taking Heads at Fox News. CMV
I believe that infidelity in a marriage or serious relationship should be punishable by law. CMV.
Plus size is unhealthy and all of its support encourages obesity in children.
I think that gender as a concept is useless at best and oppressive at worst.
I think all marriages, current and future, heterosexual and homosexual, should be identified by the government as civil unions, and that civil unions should have all the privileges that marriage currently has.
Midget wrestling is more morally repugnant than cock fighting.
Selfish viewpoints are unjustifiable.
I am a 21 year old virgin and I plan to get a vasectomy this year
Atheists who aren't vegan are evil.
Homosexuality is a sin according to the Christian viewpoint.
Abortion is not a women's rights issue
if china fell off the map today, i wouldn't miss it
CMV - Spinach is better than lettuce.
I don't think all kids should get awards for participating.
I believe that regicide (including the murder of children) has played an extraordinarily efficient and positive role in the history of human progress.
The United States Government is largely influenced by an oligarchy of rich "donors". I just had an experience that illustrates just that.
it is hypocritical to claim to support free market capitalism while one is against the resignation of Mozilla's CEO
We should all wear cameras in our heads that record everything we do. And everyone should be able to see every feed.
Genocide in North Korea
Standardized tests are a waste of time and money, and should be used to determine the salary of teachers
I don't trust any scientific organization who is affiliated with one or more government.
I believe that a child raised in a same sex marriage will have distorted views on sexuality &amp; family values.
I won't date this amazing girl for shallow reasons, even though I wanted to. CMV?
I believe the more you use encryption, the likelier your messages will be read from intelligence agencies.
I think patriotism and nationalism shouldn't play a part in politics.
I don't think internet addiction is real.
I believe that climate change alarmists are all just trying to scare us.
I believe NATO and the Ukranian military have an obligation to remove the Russian military from Ukranian territory with force if neccessary.
I think free market capitalism promotes ethical and moral obligations, more so than socialism. CMV.
I don't think gender and sex can be separated, and those who believe they can be are delusional. CMV
A sane person should be able to do as they wish with their own body. That said, I wonder if facilitating permanent transgender alterations is a terrible mistake.
I think that Capital Punishment requires a level of certainty unachievable by any justice system and should be scraped
Economics predictions are almost always self-fulfilling prophesies.
Anarchism is not a respectable political opinion.
A pedophile is no different to a heterosexual or homosexual.
"Man" and "Woman" apply to definitions of the 23rd Chromosome.
I believe that it should be possible in certain circumstances to ban subreddits that incite hatred.
I think that this Healthcare system would work. (link of what I am talking about in description)
I don't we should make more it more difficult for mentally ill people to own a gun.
I believe voting is pointless and the main parties are the same (in the UK)
I married as a virgin and my husband (also married as a virgin) is a selfish lover. I want to have a physical affair to determine if sex is important.
I'm not sold on the concept of 'genderfluid', and I think it demeans transgender people
The poor have too much political power
I don't think things like sexuality, ethnicity or nationality should be a source of pride because they are involuntary, not an achievement.
Anyone agreeing with Mozilla's firing of their CEO has no right to demand protection from being fired for what they do privately
I don't think you need to believe in something(religious) to live happily
April Fool's Day is pointless
I dont understand how you could be agaisnt OBAMACARE
The /r/CMV sub shouldn't have a down vote option. CMV
Emotionally involved people shouldn't be allowed to vote in the topic they're involved in
I think that everyone should use Adblock and if that puts companies out of business, good.
Fraternities do more good than bad.
Illegally obtained evidence (eg phone hacking) should still be admissible in court and not affect sentencing
I don't consider the President of the USA to be the "leader of the free world"
I hate book-smart people
Terrorism is a result of people being reasonable.
I think the rich should be taxed more
People should be able to not vaccinate their children if they don't want to
If someone has a personal opinion that they are proud of their country it should not be considered illogical or an opinion without merit.
I think Brendan Eich (Mozilla's new CEO) has the right to spend his money how he wants, my friends in the LGBT think I'm a traitor. CMV?
I think certain large corporations as entities should not have a collective stance on (insert social issue here), as their goal is to provide services to us and their employees/businessmen should not let morality issues like women's rights/LGBT rights/etcetera impede that.
If Supreme Court Justices actually did what they were supposed to do, virtually every decision would be a 9-0 vote. The fact that many votes - especially on "hot button" issues - are 5-4 votes indicates that the Justices are deciding politically, rather than simply interpreting the Constitution
I park my non-compact car in a compact zone.
I think that the recent Supreme Court decision (McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission) is going to have a myriad of unintended consequences, and will make the US much worse off (than it already is)
Empathy is a weakness.
I hate Star Wars
People who get offended easily are assholes.
I should wait until I have a thorough understanding of politics, issues, etc. before I vote in any election.
I believe that deriving one's self worth from factors outside of your control (such as race or gender) is not only invalid, but nihilistic.
Wealthy political donors in the US can only 'buy' elections because people are dumb enough to vote for the guy with the most commercials.
I think the US is beyond saving. CMV
the FIA will never be able to financially regulate Formula One.
Gray hair is worse than balding (on a man)
It would have been strategically more beneficial in the long term if the Federation had with-held the cure from the Founders towards the end of the Dominion War.
Raising the minimum wage in the USA will further damage the country
[CMV META] What did you get out of the April Fools theme, and what do you think of other theme days in the future?
Whenever someone mentions microaggressions, I take them and their argument less seriously. CMV
I believe guns are terrible self defense tools, and the idea that we require guns for self defense is a fallacy.
Everyone is a victim to a degree
I think the Battletoads would win in a fight against the Double Dragon brothers.
I think all high schools should not require uniforms
I hate fat people
Health care lowers the quality of life and causes suffering
I think suicide is a selfish act that is inconsiderate of the victim's family and friends.
No one "deserves" respect based upon a position of authority or power
Lack of retraction damages the Internet
expressing your views vs. harassing the opposition
Gypsies should stop being catered for in society and don't get to complain about unfair treatment.
Unquestioning Respect Afforded Military Members (Particularly US) is Inappropriate
April Fools Day sucks and is basically just an excuse for people to be dicks.
America needs a healthcare service like the NHS.
Japan has not sufficiently apologized for the war crimes of WWII
The lack of scientific contribution by Asians vs the abundance thereof by Jews is genetic
It is pointless to hold physics and chemistry as two separate academic disciplines, especially in research.
Hannibal could totally cross the Alps if he took elephants with him. The rest of my Legion things I'm crazy.
I'm tired of this continual hot, dense state. The near uniformity and lack of heavy elements is boring. I'm thinking about expanding, maybe even rapidly.
I believe that we should use this planet for our genetic experiment. CMV
Pokemon should be freed and Pokemon training is basically slavery.
I think President George H. W. X. Y. Z. Bush XVI is doing a pretty good job
The Gods do not demand our blood or that of our foes.
Today is a lovely day in Dallas, and I saw we ride with the top down.
I don't think Operation Barbarossa is a good idea.
My buddies all want to settle down and start a 'village'. I think we should keep roaming!
This new-fangled "republican" government is a dangerous fad. CMV.
I am not going to go to today's Senate meeting. I am tired and my friend Brutus has been acting weird recently.
Bad times are coming. I think I should move.
All Athenians are little bitches
These "books" and "periodicals" are destroying the very fabric of our culture.
Arminius is the best advisor in the North
I should invade Russia.
Change is impossible
If there is not enough bread, the people should eat cake.
I think Westboro Baptist Church is a good name for my new congregation!
Americanſ, thiſ new "Conſtitution" ſhould not be ratified.
People that think the assassination was a conspiracy are full of it. Oswald deserves to die.
I think we should send them Japs to those sleep-away camps.
I think we should leave the planet to die
I'm committing the middle
Me think Grog should switch cave with me.
Agriculture will never catch on.
Ic líefe þæt þá steorran wæron ábet ofer þæt ísen nædl þone áflíeteþ in bollan of wæter for þára ægflotena.
I shouldst sue all those who plagiaris'd mineth v'rse and prose
There's a wooden horse outside my city of Troy. I don't think we should accept it.
The Government has wrongfully banned alcohol
I feel like the advent of Human led Augmentation has been an overall boost to society.
Brutus is an honorable man
I am Col. Robert E. Lee and I plan to join the Confederacy.
It's Not the end of the world...
I think the "Reaper" invasion is a bunch of Council propaganda
I don't think Carthage should be destroyed.
We should not have let that Horse Statue into our Great City
I think my neighbor is a witch!
Carthago delenda est
I think climate change couldn't have been avoided, even if we had stopped using fossil fuels altogether in, say, 2014.
I believe all these new people moving to America should learn to speak Algonquian.
I should sell my ticket for the RMS Titanic.
The age of sinkable ships is over
My wife can't produce an heir so I think I should be allowed to divorce her and marry another woman but the Pope won't let me.
I think Daenerys Stormborn of House Targaryen is the rightful ruler of Westeros.
That Carpenter guy from Jerusalem is pretty cool!
I believe that Captain Thomas Preston and his men were justified in firing on King Street Rioters, and that this continued petulance from the colonies must be punished.
The crowd should decide the fate of a political prisoner
Free silver is better for for our country's economic health than the gold standard.
Thee and thou are useless and should be replaced by "you".
This Adolf kid shows real promise. We should accept his application for the Vienna Academy of Art.
I think putting a small thermal exhaust port just below the main port is a bad idea.
Giraffe is the best system of government ever devised
The Singularity, what a load!
Time travel is impossible.
The phrases "Under God" and "In God We Trust" are fundamentally unconstitutional and should be removed from The Pledge of Allegiance and American Currency.
Patriarchy Theory is just a less believable revision of Marxism.
I think that the gay pride parades are incredibly homophobic and counterproductive.
If you collect a treaty check as a Native American you should not be entitled to also collect a welfare check also simply because you have a status card you should not be entitled to free ambulance rides.
The "social obligation" argument for economic policy is irrelevant. CMV.
Help Me Change My Position on Gay Marriage
Emotion is more important than Logic
I think the whole "Facebook Acquisition" prank is stupid and annoying, and reddit would be better off if they turned it off. CMV.
I believe that you cant be 100% sure of anything.
Every country would be better with a bit more nationalism
I think that when you purchase/use a product, you are ethically responsible for the actions of the people who made the product.
I believe convenience abortion is morally wrong
I'm a healthy 25 year old and buying health insurance through the ACA is a poor financial decision.
Civilians are valid targets in war
I believe that taking english/language art classes past the 8th grade is unnecessary and stupid
The Phrase, “The Wrong Side of History” is Stupid and Should Disappear
Condolences over Twitter or in the comment section are meaningless.
I believe people who move to america should learn how to speak english.
I believe it is reasonable to be sceptical of vaccination, and that it is sensible not to assume that they are necessarily beneficial to yourself or your children.
The demonization of lawyers in popular culture is idiotic and immature.
Vegans should not have indoor pets
Zoo animal euthanasia is not immoral.
We should sell citizenship in auctions
I believe that people with long-term contracts, especially with AT&amp;T and Verizon, are making a poor choice
I believe there is nothing morally, ethically or environmentally wrong with the idea of eradicating mosquitoes from the face of the earth.
I don't think police officers should be able to use their official positions or uniforms to do other jobs while off duty. CMV
I believe it is better to argue with people and attempt to change their minds rather than to attack them.
Myers-Briggs should be taught in all levels of education.
I believe that if you are vehemently pro-life you are hypocritical if you don't adopt (national) or foster and choose to produce your own children.
I think teaching young impressionable children about their ancestors owning slaves plants the seed for racism, and it is a harmful portion of our nation's curriculum.
YouTube is great
I believe in astrology.
Freedom of religion and speech guaranteed by democracy is contradictory
The separation of powers principle should be applied to business enterprizes.
It is completely contradictory to say that abortion isn't murder, but at the same time call it murder if a person terminates someone else's fetus.
I believe that people who only watch dubbed anime aren't really anime fans at all.
Texas/the political right should secede, because the US is to polarized to function.
I think people who get body modifications have emotional or intelligence issues commensurate with the degree of modification
I believe that the proposed "Arizona Fourth Amendment Protection Act" and other similar state legislation are nothing more political stunts, and will not stop the NSA's unconstitutional surveillance.
i think if you are in a foreign country you should do as the locals, so the UK needs to stop complaining about tipping in the US and get over it.
I believe that the Russian entertainment industry should not incorporate American concepts.
Intentionally getting oneself intoxicated is completely irresponsible in any and all situations.
I think within the near future, China will surpass the United States as the largest world economy - CMV
Switchblades should be legal
I am beginning to react with more and more hostility towards homeless people in the past few months.
I believe Balisongs, or "Butterfly Knives", should be legal to carry. CMV.
Efforts to present the Ancient Egyptians as something other than Black Africans is racist and simply untrue.
I believe Deafness is a disability. CMV.
Space is not the final frontier.
I believe that the US should put into law that the Scientific Method is the only recognizable source of research and development.
The best pro-choice argument is utilitarian, not feminist.
The different denominations of Christianity are meaningless.
If a job 'just isn't worth that much,' then it shouldn't be a job.
I think America is one of the worst western countries and the most horrible example of a "capitalist utopia."
I believe if you are stupid enough to get into hard drugs such as heroin and meth, you don't deserve help and people shouldn't feel sorry for you.
I think that people who use pictures of them and their SOs as their facebook profile pics before marriage are not fun ppl
I think Bioshock Infinite is the greatest game of all time
I believe that pokemon gyms should be exceedingly difficult and not able to be destroyed by one move or one pokemon. CMV.
Sending you children to a private/christian school is the worst thing you can do as a parent.
i think every drug should be legal
I believe that, although important and beneficial, reading books is not necessary for life enrichment and fulfillment.
Public programs should exclusively use cost-benefit analysis
My philosophy of life is correct.
I believe that the moderators of major subs should be elected democratically. CMV.
Men probably shouldn't bother getting married CMV
The NCAA schools capping the compensation of athletes is illegal
I believe that being pro-Israel (the state) and calling yourself a liberal is inherently contradictory.
Sociopathy is not necessary for the survival of humans
Science can not give us a system of morality
The only way to not hurt each other is to not talk to each other at all.
I think people who get noticeable body modifications know what they are doing and shouldn't be surprised or shocked when they are viewed differently because of them. CMV
I think most non-Western countries have benefited immensely from interacting with Western nations in the past.
I think that lottery voting/random ballot should be used for Canadian elections.
The concept of "accredited investor" is nonsense. An investor should be permitted to invest in any fund they deem appropriate.
I don't believe (we should be) trying to lift the world's poor out of poverty as it will not be a good thing, as I believe industrial society's partial or complete collapse will happen quicker with their increased energy and resource use.
Anyone given life in prison should be given the death penalty instead
Reddit can be manipulated by outside organizations far too easily. CMV.
I think that salesmen are useless middlemen striving for legitimacy in the Information Era
As a guy who has never been in a relationship, my perception of my friends and relationships in tv and film, for example, is that women aren't really that interested in the physical side of things, and men must put a lot of effort into having a successful physical relationship.
I believe the US government should substantially subsidize a college education
I feel that people who believe in aborting or euthanizing babies that would/were born with mental illness are inherently terrible people.
I'm pretty sure that my relationship standards are so strict that I'll be alone for the rest of my life.
I believe that if you are for gun rights, logically you must support Eric Snowden.
I think raising the minimum wage is a bad thing. CMV
I believe that men's issues are more important than women's issues in American society.
I think the death penalty should be outlawed due to the fact that our justice system can't prevent the execution of innocent victims.
I think that the Open Source Ecology project (i.e. Global Village Construction Set) is a misguided attempt to help the poor.
If you expect the worst of people, that's exactly what you're going to get.
I believe that works without Copyright Notices should be in the Public Domain
Rich people are devoid of any sense of morality. If you are rich and moral, you'd just give away all of your money. Plus they live the most socially irresponsible and destructive lives.
I believe sex and love should not be linked nearly as much as they are today. CMV
I don't believe any weapon should be banned from use in war.
Fermat's Last Theorem should be renamed to Wiles' Theorem
I believe Drones have been a success and do not "create more terrorists". CMV
I think earth hour is dumb and useless
I believe it's just to give more aid to an unemployed immigrant, than an employed citizen.
I am a big supporter of Israel and believe the most of Palestinian supporters and support groups such as BDS genuinely don't want peace and to have Israel even exist.
People don't care for diversity when it comes to politics
Racism is used as an excuse for black under-representation except in athletics.
Copyright law is abused by evil, greedy businessmen who are earning money despite doing nothing of value
the Sandy Hook shooting was a staged event.
The attitude towards "mouth-breathers" is completely unjustified and damaging, CMV.
Recycling programs that require public subsidization should not be continued because of the intrinsic value of the materials that are temporarily being stored in our landfills.
The US is suffering institutional decay, much like Roman and Chinese empires did before their collapse. Justice is for sale. Extortion is routine (court settlements). Police powers are excessive. The legislature is corrupt. CMV
Marijuana should be legalized under federal law
Literature is only substantial if it tells useful stories that bring the author’s rich unconscious experience into contact with the reader’s unconscious mind. CMV
I believe humans are to the Earth, and its other inhabitants a terminal disease. Furthermore, I believe that we will not be able to keep Earth as an habitable place and that the point of no return has been reach.
Special interest groups have destroyed the American political system
I think Wes Anderson movies suck.
I believe fast-tracking college degrees through online courses and reduced general education requirements would help sustain public universities.
Ebonics is a symbol of the lower class, and if people plan to move up in the world, they need to be able to speak proper English. CMV
Morality has two components- the moral reasoning we do ourselves, and the moral reasoning done in the past that we learn. The learned kind can be so full of distortions from being passed by word of mouth and so out of touch with the modern era that we should focus on doing our own. CMV
A vegan diet that requires supplements is neither natural nor healthy. CMV.
I believe that the current treatment of animals on our society is morally wrong, these animals will never truly have moral rights when they are considered merely property, and future societies will be horrified by many of our current practices.
If you live near a race track, and the race track was there first, you have no right to complain about the race track.
Human life is more important than any other species on this planet.
I believe that people who live outside of societal norms by choice have no right to complain when they are treated differently for these choices.
I think that people who refer to outside works in the middle of an argument weaken their own position.
I believe that most skeptics are simply jumping on bandwagons.
“Done is better than perfect”
Smoking bans on college campus are NOT an intrusion upon students' rights.
American Football is pointless and damaging to society
I believe that when the major news and political subs disallow videos and self-posts that they limit and stifle discussion.
I'm convinced that the mainstream swing dance education system is not balanced and very flawed.
I think if you bring up a lawsuit against someone and lose, you should pay a portion, if not all of the other side's legal fees.
Felony Disenfranchisement is not sufficiently justified, as performing a crime does't render one's political views invalid.
The search for flight 370 is merely a hunt to satisfy the world's morbid curiosity and should be ceased immediately. CMV.
The two mantras "don't be a dick" and "don't care what other people think about you" are inherently incompatible.
I think it is not in the best interest of healthy and/or young people to buy healthy insurance under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare).
All emotion inhibits logical thinking.
Dark Side of the Moon is superior to The Wall. CMV
Bitching about reposts should be banned site-wide. Attempt to CMV.
If you live near an airport, and the airport was there first, you have no right to complain about the airport.
The government should not recognize any marriages.
Consumer Spending is the real Job Creator
While I feel that no one society is better than another, I do believe societies that have traditions that harm or degrade the rights of other members of that society (ie. female circumcision, death penalty for homosexuality, not allowing women to drive) can be considered worse than others. CMV
I think "autistic" is much more offensive than "retarded" when used as an insult towards someone without a mental disability. CMV
There must be some conspiracy or governmental cover-up regarding this missing plane.
CMV, I think the idea of speeding tickets is completely rediculous when it would be just as easy to electronically limit US vehicles to whatever speed
I believe we should be encouraging our children and society to be gender-neutral in social conventions
Cryptocurrencies should never be used in any official capacity due to the fact that one solar flare or a well placed EMP could potentially wipe out an entire economy hypothetically based on one.
I believe that religious people are stupid.
The University System of Georgia's Smoking ban is ridiculous and is making a bigger problem out of something that is not a big deal at all.
I believe the United States was not justified in dropping the atomic bomb on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Change my view.
It doesn't make sense to sort laundry - just wash everything on cold.
The practice of constant fouling at the end of basketball games is boring, detracts from the game, and the rules that allow it should be changed. CMV
Asking someone you barely know what they do for a living is offensive and inappropriate
I don't think "feminism" is the right word for it anymore, and calling that makes it difficult to achieve the ideology's modern goals.
I don't believe people are fundamentally good.
Social Darwinism can be ethical and should be implemented. CMV
Some human lives are worth more than others. CMV
I think supermarkets are a good thing and I don't care if they run smaller shops out of business.
Leonardo is the best turtle.
Just because you suffer an untimely death you shouldn't just be considered a good person. CMV
I believe that money we put in prison is well-spent money.
All countries/cultures should refer to the "ground floor" as the "first floor" (as it is in N. America)
I think negativity has no purpose
Please change my controversial view about animal rights, abortions, killing the mentally handicapped and almost all morality.
I believe that the "well, who are you to define xyz" argument is a cop-out and a lazy debate tactic.
"Banning" A word is harmful to actual activism and Civil Rights, as it ensures that the word will still have power.
I don't think the walking dead could happen
I think Bill Belichick's proposal to move kicking extra-points to the 25 yard-line is a shitty, sucky idea.
Events such world cup and olympic games are harmful to mankind as they increase competition among nations and our perceive that the foreign are enemy
I reject Blackstone's formulation
People who actually concern themselves with formal "fallacies" are mostly insufferable sophist.
Patriarchy is a valid concept grounded in academic literature. Men should accept the theory instead of trying to delegitimize it. It shouldn't make men feel bad, just more aware. CMV.
Mod Post: Fresh Topic Fridays
Facebook buying Oculus was not a bad thing.
In biology, computation will be the "molecular revolution" of the next 20 years CMV.
I believe there are only two genders.
I believe Waluigi to be the worst character Nintendo has ever made.
It is ridiculously harder to socialize in life if you don't drink alcohol
I have this strong belief that communism will only lead to dictatorships
If you've never considered the notion of (a) god, you're neither agnostic nor an atheist.
Fighting in hockey should be completely done away with.
I believe we should have a basic income and privatize everything
I believe that large resort developments (for mass tourism) are not sustainable and ultimately bad for local economies.
I think Bill Nye's "debate" with Ken Ham was counterproductive to the pro-science agenda.
Getting revenge on someone who done you wrong can be healing and beneficial, especially when what they've done has caused you emotional/traumatic harm.
I believe giving your children electronic devices at the dinner table is harmful to their social development
Why should I find more symbolism in literature? How can I visualize a book, and care about it beyond story and blatant symbolism?
It is not acceptable to download music from the internet without paying.
That the only thing that affects a work's quality is itself.
I'm usually a pretty liberally minded person but most people would consider my views on the death penalty conservative
I believe that poverty is a problem best addressed not through redistribution, but through better family planning: CMV
Employers and employees should be able to determine whatever terms of employment they see fit
Pirating is stealing and is unethical. CMV
I think it is futile for Israel to seek peace as its neighbours will never accept its existence
Society should stop protecting children from their parents
I believe that the modern view/laws of copyright are harmful and potentially disastrous to current and future art. CMV.
I believe that JFK was not assassinated, but rather killed by the fbi agent behind him
I believe that national pride and patriotism are just a rebranding of racism. We should not teach children to be proud of their heritage.
Trying to be in a serious relationship with a woman who has slept with more that 12 men in the last 3 years is asking for trouble.
I believe the 9-11 attacks on the World Trade Center were almost certainly inside jobs, at least in part.
People who get robbed on the streets are no more responsible for it than those who are sexually assaulted on the streets.
I believe music of today will no longer be relevant in 100 years
I tried really, really hard. I watched 2 and 1/5 seasons, but I don't think Doctor Who is that great. CMV
I believe The 'swastika' deserves respect and clarification as a symbol, as a significant part of the human population, viz the Hindus, hold this symbol sacred. I feel this is essential to prevent misunderstandings and prejudice...CMV, I guess.
Human beings are superior to all other animals; we should all be human supremacists.
I believe eating meat is selfish and immoral. CMV.
"Swinging" is the most stupid excuse I've seen in my life to be a slut. CMV PLEASE.
I believe religion is the single most tragic thing to have happened to the human species. CMV
CMV the idea of karma is actively harmful
I believe police officers should be required to have a bachelors degree in order to become officers, CMV.
Requiring new graduates to work in their native country for at least three years before working abroad will regulate brain drain from the country and help assist the economic development of the country because the increase in labor force increases the overall output. CMV
I believe that humans interact with each other to serve their own agenda and they very rarely act in the interest of others. CMV.
I believe that juvenile murderers deserve execution and juvenile criminals should not be exempt from getting full punishment, CMV.
I believe that in today's digital world, handwriting is of little importance. CMV
I believe that having stats specific for PvP in MMO's is a terrible idea, CMV.
Spoilers do not have an expiry date. CMV.
I believe partners' religious stances shouldn't matter as long as they share the same basic moral and intellectual values. CMV.
I believe that the definition of rape should require force. CMV.
I believe that one cannot legitimately assert any religious or supernatural idea as more probable to be true over another. CMV
I believe that the use and abuse of marijuana causes depression, CMV.
I think idea of EA being the "Worst Company in America" is absurd. There are many far worse companies than EA. CMV.
I believe that Walt Disney and his studio are terrible for subliminally spreading Illuminati symbols. CMV
I think the idea of life truths is tenuous. CMV.
The word gif is pronounced "Jif" and anyone is says otherwise is simply incorrect or doesn't understand how words work.
I think that it's impossible to be anti-immigration and pro-natal, without also being racist. CMV.
I believe "No Taxation without Representation" goes both ways, CMV
I believe that those that choose to be childfree are either evolutionary dead-ends or hypocrites. CMV
I believe that men should pay for women on the first several dates. CMV.
I believe that credit cards and mortgages are immoral. CMV.
I don't believe in tipping people at restaurants. 'CMV'
I would kill you to prevent you burning the Mona Lisa just to keep yourself warm. CMV.
I believe gas stations should be required by law to have their employees pump the gas, CMV.
I believe that religion is wrong and everyone should just admit it. CMV
In modern republics, the social contract should become a physical document that each citizen has to sign. CMV
I believe that discrimination by law enforcement is okay when it is backed by statistical data. CMV.
Democracy is dead and banks run the world, CMV.
CMV that depression is a psychological issue
I believe that there is no value in vinyl as a format and that collecting it is just nostalgia, hording or pretentious CMV
I think Russia has chronically under-delivered as a nation of it's size in contributing to the progress of the human race. CMV
I feel like players in the NBA are so good that games just aren't fun to watch. CMV
We have a objective purpose in life. CMV
I don't tip anywhere, and I think it should be abolished completely unless they SERIOUSLY did that well of a job. CMV.
I believe that people who ditch their friends when they are in a relationship do not have any reason to be upset if their friends do not welcome them back with open arms after a nasty breakup. CMV
I Think Censoring Profanity Is a Waste of Time CMV
CMV that non violent inmates should go on parole halfway through their sentence and be paid 50% of the cost it would take to jail them if they avoid violating parole.
CMV I believe that intentionally throwing a match in any sport to manipulate the "draw" of further rounds is completely acceptable. When it occurs, one should be much more prone to look poorly on those responsible for seeding the competitors, not the competitors themselves.
I believe people who use any sort of mind altering substance, i.e. drugs or alcohol or the like, or masturbate at all are not strong enough to handle the difficulties of life. CMV.
I believe rape victims have a social responsibility to report their assaults to the authorities. CMV
I think that some industries that aren't currently nationally standardized should be. CMV
I believe scientologists are batshit crazy. CMV
I have never, and will never, hire a woman under 50 years old for any position that is even mildly important. CMV.
I believe Hong Kong is better off under the Chinese government than the British. CMV
Frozen is unbearably sexist. CMV.
I believe not vaccinating yourself or your children for common diseases and when outbreaks of disease are imminent is irresponsible, and a threat to the public well-being. CMV
I believe it's fine to mark the wrong race when applying to college. CMV
Gender is unnecessary and inherently oppressive, and its removal from society should be sought. CMV.
I'm a teenager that has never tried alcohol and doesn't want to drink even when I become of legal age. CMV
Prescribed psychoactive drugs, specifically antidepressants, are more harmful than they are beneficial. Please, please CMV.
"Scared Straight" does more harm than good. CMV.
I think that those enlisted in the US Military are Indentured Servants. CMV
I believe that automation and robots are going to put people out of work so quickly and effectively that it will effectively destroy the market for labor. CMV.
I don't think sexual objectification is abnormal or disgusting. I believe that admiration of another person's physique is not hurtful but rather complimentary, and I believe that people who lash out against those who do need a reality check. CMV.
Laws that bar people to protect them from self-injury should not exist. CMV
I believe that anyone who is against the MRA hasn't actually spent the time to read why it's important. CMV
I don't agree with the social shield around fat people. They got that way via choices and I don't feel cruel for being disgusted by them. CMV.
The advice of "working on your personality" to become nicer and friendlier given on Reddit to manchildren looking for a mate is immature, dangerous and contributes to the Nice Guy phenomenom. CMV
I think all things that are needed to run in a high-functioning society should be socialized and paid for by everyone in that society - CMV
I think Wall Street investors, and to a lesser extent stock market investments, serve no purpose. CMV
I believe smokers are a danger to themselves and others and should be treated as such legally. CMV
I don't think science fiction and fantasy writers should be faulted for taking too long to complete a book. CMV.
I think that physicalism is untenable. CMV
I believe that people who need to drink coffee everyday are no better than smokers CMV
Dominance and submission type power struggles and control debates cause relationships to deteriorate, and are pretty stupid to begin with done by silly sexist people, CMV
Seeing the Ukraine debacle, I think a nuclear deterrent remains the only way to ensure territorial sovereignty in the modern world CMV.
I believe the most important goal of individual humans, as biological lifeforms, is to ensure their genes are preserved in the DNA pool through reproduction. CMV
I believe if the state or federal government legally requires you to have something then they should provide it. CMV
I believe excessive satire can be harmful and can actual help reinforce the thing it's poking fun of. CMV.
I believe that global warming cannot be stopped and most of humanity is doomed. CMV
I think people who love research should keep trying, even if there are geniuses like William Hwang. CMV
I believe that K12 teachers should not get tenure. CMV
If you have to kick your child out of your house for whatever reason, you have failed as a parent. CMV
Nuclear Weapons are to a national defense what firearms are to individual defense, it is immoral to prevent countries from acquiring nuclear weapons. CMV
Convictions of serious crimes like: Rape, Molestation, and Murder should carry mandatory sentences of Death. CMV
I believe that the invention of the wheel entirely screwed over civilisation. CMV
I believe that forms of government on the either extreme end of the political spectrum are pipe dreams. CMV
I believe that using ethanol as a fuel in cars isn't as good of an idea as people think it is CMV
I think the idea that the NSA/CIA/etc should not be allowed to conduct any generalized espionage is a ridiculous notion. CMV.
Tobacco should be reclassified as a schedule I drug and banned completely. CMV.
Java 8 Is Too Little, Too Late. CMV.
Libido holds back productivity and clouds reason. That's why everyone should become a eunuch. CMV
I think we need more stricter, no nonsense teachers/staff in our schools. CMV
I'm against basic income, CMV
I think happiness (and the pursuit of it) is, at its core, unimportant, and somewhat absurd. CMV
I don't think the NSA spying on our phone calls, texts, or internet usage is really that big of a deal. CMV.
I think atheists are lazy and close-minded people who have given up on and disregard any search for spirituality - CMV
Non-smokers should be able to take "smoking breaks" at work without being punished or looked down upon - CMV
I think True Detective was disappointing and overrated CMV
I believe the capital of a nation or state should be the capital of that nation or state. CMV
I equate abortion with infanticide. CMV
Banning picketing outside funerals is a good idea. Some say banning Westboro Baptist-type behavior near funerals constitutes a slippery slope to censorship; I disagree, I think a funeral-protest ban is actually prudent and justified by legal precedent in the US. CMV.
I see Russia's annexation of the Crimea as much less evil than it seems portrayed in US media. CMV.
I believe that it is wrong to give money to homeless people and beggars. Please CMV.
It is immoral to feed a child meat before they have an understanding of what is involved in the life cycle and death of the animal which they are eating. CMV.
I think non-binary gender types are beneficial to our society. CMV
Watching movies with naked women and sex scenes with my boyfriend makes me feel inferior. CMV
I believe that a basic income is a really bad idea. CMV
There are places on the planet of such ecological/aesthetic importance, no humans should be allowed, ever. CMV
Spiderman is a stupid superhero. CMV.
Parody/Spoof movies should not be copyright protected CMV
I think that single mothers who choose to be single mothers are irresponsible, bad people for putting their kids at higher risk of behavioral, academic, and social problems before they're even born. CMV.
Cannabis Legalisation in the UK is a good thing. PLEASE CMV.
I believe that most debates are pointless. CMV
I believe that the US has an obligation to intervene when crimes against humanity, and other issues that are causing a large loss of life. CMV
Justice is arbitrary and therefore meaningless, CMV.
I believe that Monsanto is not nearly as bad of a company as anti-GE activists have portrayed it as. CMV
Popular Country Music is bad music written specifically to appeal to specific types of people. CMV
I believe that yelling/being rude/being aggressive is sometimes justified to get things done and deal with bullshit. CMV
Marriage Equality is not special rights. CMV
I believe that in the near future AI will deserve rights, CMV
I believe that mental illnesses are not personal but are in fact "social illnesses" and that the society is at fault, not the person. CMV
I believe that gender stereotypes just generate lack of empathy towards the other gender, and are essentially detrimental to the relation of males and females, and overall to society as a whole. CMV
I believe that former European/American colonies would be better off nowadays if they stayed under colonial rule. CMV
I believe in pragmatism over principle: CMV
I believe that in 50 years people who engage in transphobia, fat shaming, use of "the R-word", etc. will be viewed with the same level of disdain that racists are viewed with today. CMV
I believe the laws and culture surrounding alcohol consumption in the U.S. are inadequate at best and dangerous at worst. CMV
I think a 9-5 job is a waste of time as almost all people are unproductive for a good portion of that time, and results-based pay (without necessary face time) would get more value for the company. CMV
I am a staunch capitalist that believes nobody is entitled to the money I earned but myself. CMV.
I think atheism requires faith and unjustifiable belief in the unseen. CMV
I believe that every action a human makes is based off of either love or fear and these are the base roots of all human action. CMV.
I think the recent race/suspension study on NPR is conflating race issues with class issues. CMV.
I think Interpol should have the power to use military force against organized crime. CMV
I want more reptiles but I inadvertently think that getting more will make me happy. CMV.
I think that if the world were ruled by a master computer that's only goal was the betterment and equal treatment of mankind, that this world would be a infinitely better place. CMV.
I believe the US Constitution should be rewritten. CMV
I believe all information should be free to the individual, and college is objectively a waste of money, energy and life. Diplomas should not be held in higher regard than sheer ability when it comes to the job hunt. CMV
I think nationalities should be abolished. CMV.
University system (in the US) is an enormous scam that focuses on separating as much money from you as possible instead of quality education. CMV
CMV Insurance companies should be free to decide coverage without state mandates
I believe that Anders Breivik should never see the outside of a prison cell. CMV.
Neurogenesis is the future of cutting edge brain training. CMV
I believe that fandom or an audience changing (or suggesting changes to) the direction or content of a piece of fiction or art is a bad thing. CMV
I believe we should leave the poor parts of Africa to their own devices. CMV
The current political climate of ignoring science and reason, (anti-vaccinators, tea partiers, the disparity between the "haves" and "have nots", etc) makes me feel like humans will always be miserable, squabbling in the dirt, forever hurting each other and oppressing each other. *PLEASE* CMV.
Raising a child in your own religion is wrong and they should be able to pick freely when they are at a proper age. CMV.
I begin to dislike bands I used to love because they become mainstream with more 'bandwagon' fans - CMV.
I think that the term 'gender' should only be used to refer to a person's biology and not social roles. CMV
I should be able to insult people by calling them a retard - CMV
I think that college basketball is a farce and not worth anybody's emotional investment because once players get good, they go to the NBA. CMV.
I think parents who don't vaccinate their children should lose their child and be put in jail. CMV
I was raised to believe that people who have addictions (i.e. smoking) are weak and stupid CMV
I believe Armenian Genocide is a propaganda material. CMV
The atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki were right because they shortened the war. CMV
The Mutant Registration Act is morally justified and absolutely necessary. CMV.
I believe TRP is misogynistic and essentially a "bad influence". CMV.
I Don't think religion has been the primary motivator behind any major conflict in human history, and has little to no effect on human progress overall, cmv
I think gun owners should lock up or otherwise secure their firearms. CMV
Humanitarian aid is a mess, designed purely to appease donors without actual benefit towards victims, and it often exacerbates issues. CMV.
I think Crimea was handled democratically and was a good example of how transfer of power in government ought happen. CMV
It's always better to believe that you're stupid than to believe that you're smart. CMV
Desecrating Fred Phelps's grave means that you are immature and you are stooping down to his level. CMV
Fred Phelps was not representative of anything larger than himself, but was useful for the media to promote its party line. CMV
Wielding the internet like a weapon is unethical. CMV
I'm a germaphobe and near obsessive with what I will and won't do. CMV.
I don't think we should care about censorship unless it's by the government, CMV.
I believe that, aside from valid health reasons, there's no reason for an employer or the government to pay for birth control or contraception. CMV.
Yahweh is no more benevolent than Cthulhu or Khorne. CMV.
"Problematic" things shouldn't be censored, nor should the people who create them be browbeaten into changing. CMV
I think that "Bowling for Columbine is a misleading, dishonest, and all-around terrible documentary. CMV.
Fred Phelps: not wrong, just an asshole. CMV
Marriage is bullshit. CMV.
I believe corporate boardrooms and C-level management positions should continue to be dominated by men. CMV
I will be desecrating Fred Phelps' grave. His church has caused me untold amounts of misery. CMV.
I believe the NSA scandal was planned and is a form of propaganda. CMV
I don't think scenario like ''Idiocracy'' will ever happen.CMV
I believe the internet should not be monitored by Government agencies through data collection or censorship. No operational decisions should be made by governments or organisations, and as (for example) copyright laws such as DMCA are ineffective and abused they should not be enforced. CMV.
I believe that Atheism is incorrect, and scientists should shift towards a more logical belief system such as Possibilianism. CMV
I believe women should be held accountable for approving the men they sleep with. CMV
I believe school bullies should be removed from mainstream education. CMV
I believe there is nothing 'natural' about property rights and that they depend entirely on mutual self-interest, CMV.
I have ethical concerns regarding gender reassignment surgery because I think gender dysphoria should be treated as a psychological issue, not a physical problem. CMV
The Poor Should be Discouraged From Having Kids CMV
I think it's ok for ethnically based associations to exist (ex. Black Doctors Society of New York, Latino/Mexican Students Club), however if "white" variations were to exist it WOULD be racist. CMV
You cannot be for male circumcision, against female circumcision, and be morally consistent all at the same time. CMV
If hamburgers and hot dogs are American food then pizza is too. CMV
I believe it is a violation of basic civil rights to deny the right to vote to convicted felons. CMV
The world is at no risk of becoming overpopulated, and talking about it is a distraction from the real issues (not the other way around). CMV
I think paternity tests should be a culturally standard part of the birth-giving experience. CMV.
People shouldn't have to lie, even white lies. CMV.
I don't think that it's the responsibility of the federal government to provide healthcare. CMV
I think that the United States should focus balancing the national budget before focusing on social issues. CMV!
I don't think people in low skilled jobs, (especially things such as fast food) should be paid a wage large enough to support a family. CMV
I believe majority of redditors are white suburban teenagers that downvote opinions outside their own narrow perspective. CMV.
Russia's actions in Crimea constitute a War Crime, CMV
Batman is not a superhero. CMV
I don't believe in seeding in professional sports. CMV.
I believe that mandatory voting is an inherently objectionable policy, and is incompatible with modern liberal society. CMV.
I think raising awareness for cancer through viral campaigns is wholly ineffective and should be avoided CMV
Cousin relationships should not be considered incest. CMV
I believe it should be law for all limited companies that the CEO should earn no more than 10 times the salary of the average employee. CMV.
I don't believe in free will, CMV
I should self-deport, CMV
I believe that the LGB and the T in LGBT are fighting for similar ends, but have communities with very crucial differences that would create very different outcomes if they did attain the rights they are trying for. CMV. (and/or views)
CMV EMTALA, requiring hospitals to provide care regardless of ability to pay, should be repealed
I think that a man should be able to relinquish all rights to fatherhood before the child is born. CMV
I believe face-to-face social interaction is usually, at least marginally, more fulfilling/more satisfying than online social interaction. CMV
I am worried that there is a good chance that Snowden is not a rogue hero, but an active government agent, sent like the Silver Surfer, on a harbinger mission to herald the survelleince state, CMV
Religion has no place in the modern world - CMV
I think that being stingy does not reflect the personality of someone and that it shouldn't be seen as a bad trait CMV
I think football is boring and repetitive CMV
I believe almost anything posted on /r/politics is just a biased arm of mindless liberals. Whatever isn't conforming to views are just downvoted immediately. CMV.
I.B. That We Should Have a Lynch List of Politicians &amp; Power Elites In Case Civilizations Do End by Their Hands, CMV
I believe that a significant portion of military funding in the US should be used instead to fund education. CMV.
Milk is bad for your health CMV.
Humans got the short end of the stick, CMV
I think swear words shouldn't be bleeped out in TV or on the radio. CMV
I believe that Russia's annexation of Crimea is illegal and unjust because of the procedure Russia took CMV
Single-player games are never worth playing anymore CMV
I believe American conservatism uses race and traditional racial narratives as a way to maintain power. CMV.
I believe that college students should only be required to study courses relative to their major. CMV
Laziness is just as virtuous as a strong work ethic. CMV
I don't want kids, please CMV.
I think the concept of "making weight" in combat sports is completely irrelevant. CMV
CMV We still need a post office even though there are things like eMail
I feel my relationship of a year is more important than her going to china for a year, CMV.
Overall, women are more superficial than men when it comes to dating. CMV
A majority of female authors and poets add little of value to literature. CMV
I believe that it is in the strategic best interests of the US to militarily intervene in Ukraine. CMV
Askreddit would benefit greatly from adopting their [Serious] rules for every post.[CMV]
I don't believe a transgendered athlete should be allowed to compete in their chosen gender, CMV.
I think the mocking nature of many Atheists does a disservice to the cause. CMV.
Genetic engineering will take care of the technology death spiral of jobs. CMV
I believe that both the last two episodes of Neon Genesis Evangelion and the movie End of Evangelion are canon. CMV
I believe college students should be financially reimbursed for classes canceled by their professor. CMV.
I will pass on a job at a world leading tech company and move to a EU metropolis I know no one in to pursue a love that "is not sure about us". CMV
[CMV] I don't think Season 4 of Community was noticeably worse than any of the other seasons
I believe selfposts should give people comment karma. CMV
I don't think that the US funded nor supported the "neo nazis" involved in the Ukrainian Revolt. CMV
I believe dueling should be legal. CMV
I think Putin is just bluffing about eastern Ukraine invasion. CMV
As long as the "American Dream" exists there will be wealth disparity in the US. CMV
I believe that arming teachers would be a horrible thing to do. CMV
I don't think the movie Captain Phillips was the least bit racist. CMV.
I think that pedophilia should be treated as a sickness to rehabilitate rather than as a malicious crime. CMV.
I believe that media piracy has never helped the industries it steals from. CMV
I believe that Sweden's political economy is superior to that of America. CMV.
I believe that a video game's price should be determined by the length of its single player campaign CMV.
I believe that taxation is theft. CMV.
I Don't Think Animals Have Intrinsic Value CMV
There’s no such thing as pedophilia, there’s just the standard sexual outlook: find whatever advantage you can, and age is one such advantage. Moral prohibitions arise to protect the weak against this universal tendency. CMV
Under Almost No Circumstances Is It Acceptable to Shoot an Unarmed Person CMV
I believe that being an atheist goes against the scientific method. CMV.
I feel the American government provides too much. CMV
There is no compromise with getting an abortion if the woman doesn't want to go through pregnancy CMV
I don't believe old people should be treated any differently than the rest of us. CMV
I believe that a Star Trek style economic model is ideal. CMV.
I think there is a rape culture and it is self selected by women. CMV
I am an atheist, but I think that most atheists today are cowards. CMV.
I believe women turn to emotion more often than men when it comes to decision making. CMV
I believe that unless it causes a public disturbance, 2 consenting adults should legally be allowed to fight without weapons. CMV
By allowing Russia to threaten Ukraine with the excuse of protecting the interests of the Russian people in Crimea, we're proving we didn't learn from allowing Germany to threaten Czechoslovakia with the excuse of protecting the interests of the German people in Sudetenland. CMV.
I think most askreddit(and similar sub reddits) reposts are actually a good thing CMV
Only Military Force Will Deter Putin from Annexing Crimea. CMV.
The FCC should regulate the internet, especially VOIP providers. CMV, please.
I think it's ridiculous that a woman is allowed to abort a baby without informing the father. CMV
I think the gay civil rights movement is fantastic, but I think that most of the culture has turned into floating fairy rainbow toting attention whores and it make gays look worse as a whole and hurts them in their fight to be accepted. CMV.
I believe that the Democratic Party takes advantage of minorities without doing anything to actually help them. CMV
I believe that profits of companies should be limited/regulated. CMV
I believe the film "Big Top Pee-Wee" had a metaphysical effect on history and signifies a hidden Pee-Wee timeline. CMV.
I think that students at top universities are generally superior to students at lower-ranked universities. CMV.
Direct manufacturer sales of new cars in the US benefits everybody except owners of dealerships. CMV.
"Nuclear power is bad", CMV
I believe that in modern Western culture, being religious makes you more moral. CMV
I believe the missing 777 had a cockpit fire and malfunction leading to uncontrolled flight and a crash. CMV
I believe that I'm not really making a mistake when I claim 0 and get a very big tax refund, CMV.
I believe that if corporations are people then they should be taxed exactly like people. CMV
I think pimps are slave owners and should be treated the same by the police and the criminal justice system. CMV
I believe monetary penalties for criminal acts should be a percentage of a person's income, CMV.
CMV maternity care should not be covered by Medicaid and optional for private insurance
I don't believe anything is being done to thwart global warming, CMV.
I believe the ISS has been a complete waste of money. CMV
I'm prejudice against the descendants of Nazis. CMV
I don't view most of the top 50 song performers as 'musicians' CMV.
"There will be Blood" (Daniel Day Lewis movie) is completely overrated. CMV.
I feel that picketing Fred Phelps' funeral is a valid way to express one's disagreement of the WBC. CMV
I don't believe Esperanto has the potential to become a world language. CMV
I believe that basic physical requirements should not surrendered in the pursuit of a more representative/diverse force in the field of firefighting- CMV
I believe it is impossible for someone to love an adopted child as much as they love their biological child, CMV
Fred Phelps and the "God Hates Fags" Westboro Baptist Church have done more to promote gay rights and secular thought than almost any other single group. CMV
I have little to no problems with the proposed bans in the UK on the production of British halal and kosher meat. CMV!
I believe that the fictional society in The Giver(book)is superior to our current society. CMV
Teachers' unions today are mostly obsolete and drag attention away from real issues. CMV
I believe the United States is headed for wide-scale civil revolt that will result in the deaths of many, many people. CMV
You can't be a true progressive Democrat if you also want to make a lot of money. CMV
Its a mans world and always will be. CMV
People have no excuse to not care about the environment and climate change. CMV.
I think the President of the United States of America should be selected by Congress rather than elected by popular vote. CMV
Physical store prices should be post-tax and online store prices should be pre-tax. CMV
I believe that the downvoting of comments has no place in subreddits such as this one. CMV.
I believe that E-Cigs are just as bad as cigarettes. CMV.
I understand not trusting the government, but when the alternative is, "the will of the majority", government is much better. CMV
I believe a fetus is at the very least a living but potential human, and at most a complete human deserving all the rights the rest of us deserve. CMV.
I believe the phrase "person of color" is inaccurate, dehumanizing, self-defeating and borderline offensive. CMV.
I think that sorting all political beliefs into two groups is harmful and stupid. CMV
Legislating the lives of others based on personally-held religious beliefs is un-American. CMV
I believe all forms of nationalism, patriotism and 'national pride' are inherently racist and so is anyone who believes in any of these things. CMV.
I Find Humanism Philosophically Lacking and Contradictory CMV
Talking about "obtaining" a girl is not offensive CMV
The internet is too unregulated now, there need to be legal consequences for things like defamation and other malicious attacks on people that occur over the internet CMV
The U.S. should pick 15 or 20 states to test raising the minimum wage and then they should act accordingly. CMV
There is nothing wrong with the word "retarded" to refer to something one views as pointless or stupid. CMV
I believe that the greatest divide in America is rural vs urban and that a government that's laws are more regionalized is a better way to run a country. CMV.
I don't see anything "illegal" about Crimeans voting to become a part of Russia.
I think people that got free public education in their home country must be charged for it if they decide to migrate. CMV
I don't think any government should be involved in protecting a "business model". CMV
In a case of rape, the victim should be able to determine the punishment for their assaulter. CMV
I think the UK should have an elected head of state. CMV
Ideology has no historical explanatory power. All of history can be explained in terms of narrow self-interest. CMV.
CMV Extramarital sex should be illegal
I think people who remind others about slavery are holding onto hate.CMV
US Presidents should serve one six year term without the ability to be re-elected. CMV
Welfare doesn't enable poverty. CMV.
Every time I hear someone got pregnant, even intentionally, I view it as a failure and subconsciously pity them. I don't think thinking this way is healthy. Please CMV.
On this date 2058 years ago, in an act of shocking betrayal, Brutus and his co-conspirators killed Julius Caesar. However I believe Brutus is more worthy of celebration than Caesar - CMV
Drone music is not good, sober at least. CMV
I should primarily donate to the country I emigrated from CMV
Representative democracy is outdated, too susceptible to corruption, and direct democracy would be better. CMV
I believe that presidential candidates should be required to have military experience. CMV.
I think that Malaysian Flight MH300 was interfered with by Aliens. CMV.
Telling companies that are losing money because of piracy to find a better business model is like telling rape victims they shouldn't have worn slutty clothing. CMV
I wouldn't have had a problem with the "anti-gay" bill being passed in Arizona. CMV.
If you are a steak snob and you like sushi rolls (the type prevalent in the West), you are a hypocrite. To maintain your principle, either you like sushi rolls so you accept well-done steaks, or you reject both. CMV.
I don't think a basic income is a good idea - please CMV
I believe wanting to conceive your own children in a gay relationship is amoral. CMV
I believe all American societal changes should be come from a Technocratic perspective. CMV
I think reddit has misinterpreted the purpose of the White House petition website. CMV.
I believe that in order for the American Citizen to re-gain control over its own government, Americans must begin to integrate protesting into our culture. CMV.
Everything involving a significant amount of power or money is corrupt and expecting to eliminate corruption is unrealistic. CMV.
I think it is hypocritical to use an artists past descriptions as a reason to hate them without doing it for all artists CMV
I believe that pirating a tv show/movie that you have access to normally is not morally wrong.
lot of talk of piracy lately. I think digital piracy (for the most part) is not only not immoral, but probably necessary. CMV
Assimilation and conformity rather than only being a mindless attempt at wide acceptance, manifests the ability of one, of vigilance and watchfulness, so as to be someone free from singling-out CMV
I don't think the U.S. national debt is a big deal. CMV.
I believe that personal automobiles are a detriment to society and eliminating their necessity should be of utmost importance. CMV.
We should vote for a minimum wage by plebiscite... you write in your desired annual salary, and the national average becomes the minimum. CMV that my "Name Your Price" scheme is a good idea.
I believe the coming automation revolution (where many jobs will be replaced by computers/robots) will be similar to the Industrial Revolution, capitalism will for the most part survive, and that post-scarcity societies are impossible. CMV.
I think that in an ideal world, LGBT(etc) identity shouldn't exist. CMV.
Besides the obvious physical differences, I don't think there are any inherent differences between sexes. CMV
My ex-gf/current friend(which doesn't seem to work all that well but not what I came here for) appears to me to be trapped in a perpetuity of philosophical suicide and escapism and I feel like I need to change **her** view. Instead, help me CMV about needing to CHV
Being a bit slightly overweight is no crime. CMV
I think it is wrong to use China or the USSR as citations of communism as a failed system
Bitcoin (for better or worse) can never operate as a real currency, by its own very design. CMV
If we live more frugally, we can afford to work less, and if we work less, we can do more of what we love. CMV.
I believe that it is not morally obligatory to be a vegetarian. CMV.
In my opinion social services should be offered to all who ask for them. The price would be a monthly neuro-flogging. CMV
As a marksman I don't feel that more gun control or ammunition control should be considered on a policy level if it effects my enjoyment and use as a responsible gun owner. CMV
Reddit, CMV. I believe that there is no logical, secular, rational argument against same-sex marriage.
Pornstars should not be allowed to attend university. CMV.
I believe that sociopaths should be considered a baseline for the human condition, not an outlier. CMV.
Supporters of affirmative action are no better than the racists they otherwise condemn. CMV
I believe that the United States government should continue to outsource jobs. CMV
I think Mormons are either ignorant, or masters of Confirmation Bias. CMV.
I think that not keeping score in children's events is a bad thing. CMV.
I believe pants sagging is just a form of fashion and see nothing wrong with it. CMV.
Piracy as a "demo" is morally justifiable as long as you buy it or stop using it in a 'timely fashion'.
CMV Parents who poisoned their Down syndrome child should not be prosecuted
I think the pharmaceutical industry is severely flawed. Drugs should not be as expensive as they are in the US/Canada, whether they are covered by insurance or not. CMV.
There is no legitimate reason for NJ to prevent Tesla from selling directly to consumers. CMV.
I see my own needs as being less important than those of everyone else. Please CMV.
Superman ruined superhero comics by making him with God-like powers. CMV
I think the indefinite detention clause of the US's NDAA is pure bluster and is never intended to be actually used. CMV.
The movie "Captain Philips" presents a strong argument for gun rights. CMV
I dont think anything should be censored CMV
I pick my nose and eat it, because I assume that this extra exposure to germs will strengthen my immune system in a manner that is superior to those who do not eat their nasal mucus.
[Mod Post] Check out our Popular Topics Wiki!
CMV - I believe companies have the right to proportion prices to demand and the cost of serving that demand
Where someone breaks into my house, I believe I have full rights to use lethal force against them. CMV.
One should never expect people to use invented pronouns (xe, xir, etc.) CMV
Crowd control is the reason I stopped playing league of legends - I think it's unnecessary and extremely unfun. CMV.
I believe that Putin has only brought stability to Crimea region and Ukraine by moving his troops.
I think religious faith is not a moral virtue. I believe Faith is actually a moral weakness, an intellectual weakness, and a form of cultural arrogance that is, in essence, a decision to treat your ideology as correct despite knowing that it lacks evidence. CMV.
I think piercings and excessive tattoos are a waste of time and money.
I don't think Native Canadians should be given any special concessions simply because they first inhabited the land, CMV.
Lazy slackers don't deserve social dignity or respect. CMV
I don't think that employers should be forced to accommodate religious attire, even in cases where they don't negatively affect job performance. CMV
I don't see the joy in raising a mental handicapped child CMV
There are four kinds of people in this world: cretins, fools, morons, and lunatics… CMV
I think that humans getting robotic parts is wrong.
House of Cards' Frank and Claire Underwood are the best possible example on how a marriage should work. CMV (SPOILERS)
How is it possible that privacy is something governments can ignore without us becoming angry?
I don't think the free market is a superior system. CMV
I think LENR/cold fusion research is being unreasonably repressed. CMV.
Robert E. Lee does not deserve any respect. CMV.
[CMV] Just because I have never seen a black or asian woman that I find pretty doesn't make me racist
I believe children ages 0-4 are better off being cared for by a stay-at-home parent than being put into full-time daycare. Please CMV.
I think the US is stirring up unrest in Venezuela just like they have throughout history in South America. CMV.
[Meta] CMV, taking a quote out of context and only responding with that, or a series of them, should not be allowed in this, or any other debate based subreddit.
I believe modern feminism spends too much time discussing irrelevant issues and ignores more important issues. CMV.
America is not a free country. CMV.
The casual sex afforded us by antibiotics is about to come to a horrible end. CMV.
Liberals will continue to be ineffective (comparatively) for all of our lifetimes barring a very major event CMV
I think making any claims, positive or negative, on the existence of God is arrogant CMV
I believe that authoritarianism is preferable to democracy, CMV
I don't believe we should always protect endangered species. CMV
Right now! CMV Hospice is still OPTIONAL under Medicare law and patients can't be pushed onto Hospice.
I see nothing wrong with the word "retarded".
I'm really uncomfortable with a friend's headmate personalities. CMV.
I think that the United States should actively work to reduce/eliminate private ownership of vehicles in favor of a cheap, efficient, and environmentally friendly public transportation system. CMV
Claims about the effectiveness of the military/NSA/TSA in preventing terrorist attacks are unfalsifiable and therefore invalid. CMV
I believe OSX to be a better operating system than windows CMV.
Fictitious depictions of child pornography should be legal. CMV
I believe that some facets of American English make far more sense than British English. CMV.
Lying to our kids about Santa Clause, The Easter Bunny, Tooth Fairy etc. is wrong and creates a false sense of reality. CMV
I believe that hard science majors, especially at top colleges, are far superior to liberal arts majors. CMV
I don't think there is anything wrong with ephebophilia.
I believe all nonprofits finances (salary, expenses, etc.) should be open to the public &amp; give quarterly updates. CMV
I believe that defendants in trials should not have their name released unless they are convicted. CMV
Saxophones are terrible. CMV.
I believe industrial hemp could significantly alleviate our deforestation problem. CMV
"Sweatshops" are beneficial to everyone. CMV
I believe that the oxford comma helps create a clearer meaning in text, and that it should be the standard for everyone to learn.
CMV I'm 100% anti-piracy but am open to being convinced otherwise
I am a transgender woman. I think refusing to date a post-op trans woman because they are trans is transphobic. Please CMV
The fact that we in the West (particularly America) have capitulated to our irrational fear of terrorism to such an extent is proof positive that the large majority of people don't actually believe in God and/or the afterlife, despite convincing themselves that they do. CMV.
Chimerix, Inc's decision to deny Brincidofovir to the dying boy, while heartbreaking, is the right decision CMV
I currently would be inclined to have any future sons I have circumcised. CMV
I believe that some eating disorders are just vices like drinking and smoking. CMV.
I believe that a functioning drug addiction is not a problem CMV
I think it would be better if American citizens were not allowed to vote to choose Senators and Congressmen. CMV
Eco-feminism is meaningless, there is no connection between ecology and "femininity". CMV.
I'm pretty sure that almost nobody ACTUALLY believes in hell. CMV
I think the way we address suicides based on bullying are wrong. CMV
I believe that in general, Republicans are hypocrites. CMV!
People who think that English should be the national language of the United States are not racist, CMV?
I believe incestuous, bestial, and polygamous marriage should be legalized as well, if gay marriage is. CMV.
It is in cable providers' best interests for basic cable to be a free service. CMV
The Barack Obama Between Two Ferns was actually the closest I have seen Obama to actually answering questions I give a shit about.
Islamic 'extremism' is a logical outcome of Muhammad's original teachings. CMV.
I hate my Galaxy S4 and want to switch. CMV.
Neil deGrasse Tyson's popularity and presence in popular culture is the best thing to happen to science in recent times. CMV?
I believe that I shouldn't make myself feel bad because of all the misery happening to animals or humans (which aren't involved in my personal life) around the world. CMV.
I think that East Asians are the best race. CMV
I think anyone who brings up "White male" as a negative is a bigot. CMV.
I think there's nothing inherently wrong with certain sexual taboos, such as pedophilia and incest. CMV
I believe consent has to be positive and verbal to be valid CMV
I think its OK to exploit people for a benefit of someone else as long as the exploited person is not lied to and does not get hurt in the process. CMV
Terrorism Doesn't Exist
I'm considering running away from home CMV
I think common (male) gender roles are not inherently bad and can be helpful. CMV
I know this is a bit of a tired topic but, legal marriage should not be extended to same-sex couples. Please CMV
I think being a conservative is fundamentally flawed. CMV
I believe that genetic manipulation of human offspring will start to be technically feasible within a decade, and we should embrace it. CMV
I think that pirating music hurts already struggling musicians, and people who defend it are only trying to justify stealing. CMV!
I believe Transgender is a Mental Illness. CMV.
There is no "liberal bias" in mainstream journalism. That's just an excuse conservatives use to push their propaganda and call it news. CMV
I believe 'fashion' is just a convoluted pissing contest, and, to an extent, only shows who is more superficial. CMV.
I believe everything a person does can be considered selfish. CMV
Reasonable people can disagree on being conservative or liberal, but in American politics, it's unacceptable to align yourself with Republicans. CMV
Its not a government's job to provide employment to its citizens, just government services as efficient as possible. CMV
I believe that being pro-life except in cases of rape and incest is an indefensible position. CMV
I do not believe that the USA should be considered a Democratic state. CMV
I think the Crimea Region should be annexed to Russia. CMV
Currently companies can declare bankruptcy to rid themselves of unwanted financial obligations. Instead I think they should be forced to periodically pay into a 3rd party insurance/risk-management fund so they can ALWAYS be held liable for their acts. CMV
I believe that reactionary responses to terrorist acts e.g. no bags at 2014 Boston Marathon are unnecessary, mostly ineffective and send a message that terrorism is effective. CMV
Malaysian Airlines Flight 370 was taken down by terrorists with a bomb onboard. CMV
I think The Simpsons should have aged (at least partially) along with the run of the series. CMV!
I believe that advertisements should not be allowed to digitally edit their models or if they do be forced to place an unedited image of a before editing in the ad (this is for both print and tv media). CMV
I think adoptive parents who distance children from their birth parents are selfish, bad people. Try and CMV.
Realistic paintings of real subjects are pointless. CMV
Tim Minchin's position on alternative medicine is silly, or at the least not sufficiently nuanced. CMV.
I believe that the stranglehold on mainstream media has become so firm that there is nothing we can do to change it in the future. CMV.
I Believe That Country Such As Denmark, Finland, and Switzerland That Have a Draft For Men Only Are Unequivocally Sexist. CMV
I believe there's nothing wrong or racist about saying you're only interested in certain races on online dating profiles. CMV.
If I don't manage to become successful while i'm young, i'll be a failure when I get older. CMV
I think that *not* eating meat is cruel. CMV
Minimum Wage, Minimum Effort. CMV.
I think art is pointless, and have a low opinion of artists. CMV
I think that the program "Radio Lab" is mostly pseudoscience and is heavily biased, CMV.
Paying for Education is the Worst Mistake I Ever Made. CMV.
I think Americans are suffering from an inferiority complex. CMV
I think the double standard where men can sleep with many women but women cannot sleep with many men is ok. CMV
I believe the Internet will make anarchy a viable option for the first time in history. CMV
I believe prostitution is both a societally valuable service as well as a morally virtuous choice, and I have never found a compelling reason for why it should be criminalized. CMV.
I think the entertainment business is useless and a waste of resources. CMV
I believe the NBA is a very uninteresting sports league to follow. CMV
People with disabilities are not "differently-abled" or "handi-capable," they are disabled. CMV.
I think that the Paralympic Games directly contradicts the idea of 'not being defined by one's disability' CMV
The best horror games have helplessness as a main factor. CMV
I believe that if a corporation is found to have committed a criminal violation, the entire Board of Directors (at the time) should be forced to pay restitution, instead of the corporation paying it, and they should all be imprisoned. CMV.
I think using only toilet paper is disgusting. CMV
I find it ignorant and disrespectful to dismiss everyone who’s claimed to have encountered a UFO as being crazy. CMV.
I believe that Daylight Savings Time (DST) is convenient and necessary. CMV
It is pointless for me to vote in an election, CMV
Re-try! 'Luxury' water is BS and I believe the target audience purchase it for social appearance and not taste
There will never be another "hot" conflict comparable to the World Wars between major world powers, CMV please.
Incest, pedophilia, bestiality and even cannibalism, if consensual, are no less immoral than homosexuality.
I think we should have state-funded parades each and every day regardless of cost to, y'know, build social solidarity. CMV.
I'm an American and I think the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have been a terrible waste of blood and treasure. CMV
I think The Red Pill boils down to guys acting like assholes and trying to legitimize it. CMV
I'm left-wing, but think that "appropriation" calls for minority superiority/nationalism, rather than equality. CMV.
I think many conspiracy theorists are basically religious extremists that cling on to their belief because it makes them feel better. CMV
Killing your own newborn baby (infanticide), while a crime, is distinct from murder and should carry a lesser sentence. CMV
I think zombies are completely overrated threat. CMV
I believe that even if Russia had, or does invade the rest of Ukraine, the world would still do nothing substantial to change it, CMV.
CMV Libertarian justifications of property don't work
I believe that there's no connection between race and IQ. CMV
Women in the snowboard community are far to often seen as eye candy. It is chauvinistic and needs to change, however, for this change to occur the women need to stop being coddled. CMV
I fold, and I think it is crazy that people bunch toiletpaper when wiping. CMV.
I beleive that non-competitive recreational leagues are good for children. CMV
I believe that English classes should be removed from English-speaking countries. CMV
People that pay full retail price for clothing are stupid and non-resourceful.
The "Fruit of the Poisoned Tree" Doctrine is preposterous and entirely contrary to the notion of justice. CMV.
Belief is not a choice. CMV
I believe that disagreeing with the scientific consensus on any issue today without being at least at a researcher level in the field is just plain wrong. CMV
I think that people who have joined the military post 2006~ are guilty of murder or conspiracy to commit murder. CMV
Gay Marriage is not a big deal. CMV.
I find that atheists are devoid of compassion for humanity. CMV
I believe that Chinese culture is vastly superior to North American Black culture; CMV!
I believe that people don't take male victims of domestic abuse seriously, and actually are very rude on the topic. CMV
I believe that teaching kids how to code does not offer any benefit that subjects like math haven't already offered. CMV
I find it hard to value humans above all other forms of life. CMV.
I want my 16 year old son to drop out of high school, sooner the better. CMV.
An able-bodied adult shouldn't expect government to support his lifestyle. CMV
When it comes to the recent situation in Crimea and the American opinion about in, I have only 2 words: Kosovo and hypocrisy. CMV
I think that how to catch a predator is morally wrong. CMV.
I believe that any crimes comitted by the miltary should be judged under the civillian system of law. Please CMV
I don't respect modern day feminism. CMV.
If pirating is illegal, then so is trying on clothes in a store. CMV
Even serial killers have their own code of ethics...therefore no one can truly kill just for the fun of it. CMV.
Based on cable news ratings, I believe that informed people prefer Fox news, and uniformed people don't watch the news. CMV.
In a labour for income system, stealing and scamming others for money is inevitable and also justified. CMV.
I believe that the Harry Potter movies are an awful adaptation of a great book series. I also believe it would have been better served as a television series. CMV
I believe that marriage as a legally recognized union should be abolished. CMV.
I believe there is no point in listening to music that gets less than perfect scores on review publications. CMV.
I believe that jumpscares are not necessary to make a quality horror game. CMV
I believe Bethesda, EA, and the like are abusive to the gaming community and I dismiss anyone who vaunts their games as a pinnacle of design as being weak of mind and unworthy of having their opinion considered regarding gaming. CMV
In terms of naked self-interest, the Crimea situation is a huge boon to the US. CMV
Profit means you overcharged your customer, or underpaid your staff. CMV
Keurig shouldn't be allowed to do coffee machine DRM. CMV
I believe that moral value can exist without religion, CMV.
I believe that all single-user bathrooms should be unisex. CMV.
The border hypothesizing over a "Yes" vote in the Scottish independence referendum is simply scaremongering. CMV.
Tabs in source code should always represent stops at an 8-character pitch. CMV
I believe there is a positive correlation between intelligence and physical attractiveness. CMV
I believe that eugenics is acceptable if used to eliminate conditions such as Down's Syndrome, Tay-Sachs, Huntington's, etc. CMV
Personal matters (weight, sex, drugs, "gaffes") are not appropriate criticisms of politicians.
I think stereotyping people is fine, especially if it's based on statistics and personal observations - CMV.
If the Muslim world invaded the West, we would behave much the same way. CMV
I believe optimism in the face of adversity is a secular way of having faith in a higher power without admitting such. CMV.
Ensemble Observables and Expectation Observables in Stat Mech are not the same thing. CMV
The internet will eventually (next 50 years) cause an end to English spelling and grammar prescriptivism, CMV
The U.S. college system needs serious reworking CMV.
I believe universal open-access to scientific journals is detrimental overall. CMV
I believe that any women who reads steamy romance novels has no right to complain about her husband's porn collection CMV
The only reason Neanderthals are considered a subspecies and not a race of homo sapiens is because racism. CMV
I believe in Crimea really wants to join Russia, then let them join. CMV.
Pennies and nickels cost more than their value to produce. I believe this is irrelevant to the argument that pennies should be removed from circulation, and I do not believe nickels should be discontinued. CMV
"I'll believe a corporation is a person, when one is sent to prison" CMV.
Obesity is not an uncontrollable condition that just strikes people or an "infectious disease." CMV
I believe the concept of marrying for love is not a sign of social progress. CMV.
I believe that the international law system cannot correctly be called "law" because there is no central coercive mechanism for enforcement. CMV.
I believe minimum wage IS a livable wage. CMV
The fact that reddit deletes very controversial comments, threads and subreddits proves that it is not only NOT a beacon of free speech, it is the exact opposite. CMV
Family life was much better in the 1950s: CMV
For the sciences, a master's degree is considered a failed phd. CMV.
Transgender/Transexual people who demand to be interacted with as the gender they present as, and not their anatomical sex, are directly in opposition to gender equality. CMV
I believe that at some point, feminism and MRM needs to become egalitarian, or they will end up destroying themselves. CMV
The internet is having a negative impact on human to human interaction and will prove detrimental to society in the long run. CMV
I believe that discreet public masturbation should be legal. CMV
Science yeilds a greater net benifit than religion ever could/will for sociaty and the individual. CMV!
The current sub-reddit mod system goes against everything Reddit stands for. CMV.
Rob Ford is a bad mayor and representative for Toronto. He should not run or be re-elected again. CMV
I believe that a person's natural intelligence defines only their minimum potential and that intelligence can be attained through hard work. CMV.
Raising the minimum wage by the desired 40% is bad for most people CMV
Since at least the 2008, The Colbert Report has surpassed The Daily Show in quality. CMV.
I don't care about the First Lady or her potential male analogue. CMV.
Change my view the AK47 is a superior weapon to its M16 counterpart.
I still think I can use the Windows XP SP3 after next month. CMV
I believe that high speed rail in the US would not work like it does in Europe. CMV
Christ's teachings were profound and wise, but are so rarely put into practice by those who call themselves Christians that the religion has proven itself to be mostly useless as a moral code. CMV.
If I own a business and want to refuse service to certain people/groups, my right to free association should trump their right to my product or service, CMV
If using AD block is stealing content then so is going to the bathroom during a TV commercial break (CMV)
I believe if you're transgendered, you should accept that people inevitably misidentifying you comes as part of the package. CMV.
I think that people in the African American community who refer to each other as "nigger" are offensive and ignorant. CMV
I believe modern western society has an artificial and unhealthy obsession with romantic love and sex. CMV.
I believe that homosexuality is a sin, but that they deserve the same rights and respect as everyone else. I don't think that makes me hateful. CMV.
I believe the Fairtax system is imperfect, but still vastly superior to the system we have now. CMV.
I believe that true happiness cannot exist without the presence of sadness...CMV?
[Meta] What are some other subreddits that the subscribers of CMV might enjoy?
I believe CPR and other basic medical training should be mandatory for all school/college students. CMV.
Today there exists the problem of surplus population. Therefore the solution of 'population letting' is needed and those willing to leave should be helped. CMV
I'm pro-choice, but I think late stage abortions that aren't medically necessary are infanticide. CMV
Prostitution should be legalized because it would significantly reduce human trafficking by competition. Is my thinking flawed? CMV
CMV. I think a maximum wage and limit on standing wealth are a good thing.
I think striving is a bad thing, CMV
I believe justice should be blind, and so should juries. CMV
The definition of a "purebred" dog should be liberalized to improve health. CMV.
I strongly oppose gun control and limitations on high capacity magazines. [CMV]
I have no problem identifying myself as a person who cares about social justice, and I don't understand reddit's resistance and caricaturization of people like me. CMV.
The Rubik's cube is the best spacial puzzle. CMV
I think if you have lower libido than your SO than they will not find happiness in the relationship and it will eventually end. CMV.
[CMV] I think that people that get tattoos will often regret them, and may portray problems in the future, wether it is at work or social relationships ; especially at a young age.
I think that the entertainment media's continued mockery of Rob Ford is abuse, and they should be ashamed of themselves. CMV
I think relationships should not be measured on how long they last, but on how good they were while they lasted. CMV.
Immigrants are people too and debates over immigration should consider their welfare and freedom, not just those of native-born citizens- CMV
I believe that renewable energy and the push to "go green" are a good thing even if climate change is not a real issue. CMV
I don't think the existence of consciousness poses any credible threat to materialism/physicalism. CMV
I believe that all US citizens - native and naturalized - should be allowed to run for president. CMV.
Teen Sues Parents for Cash, College Tuition. Does She Have a Case? ~ I believe she does. [CMV]
The view on my opinion for race-equality is outdated. CMV
I believe excessive use of Facebook can lead one to being depressed, however I do not believe excessive use of Reddit can lead one to be depressed. CMV
"Could of" is proper english grammar. CMV
There is no significant difference between driving while talking on your phone vs. using a blue-tooth device. Holding my hand to my ear while talking is the same as placing it on my lap while talking. CMV!
I believe that guns increase violence - CMV
The ability to speak English clearly should be an important factor in considering the employment of teachers and professors (in the United States). CMV.
I think it's perfectly acceptable the wear the same shirt, socks or even underwear for 2 or even 3 days in a row - CMV
Stand your ground laws providing more legal protection to killing than to 'warning shots' or 'wounding/disabling shots' is inherently flawed. CMV.
Extending copyright holders' control to derivative works that are based on theirs, stiffles creativity and is counterproductive CMV
As an American looking in on the Ukrainian situation, I feel the Russians have no authority to move into the Ukraine force the citizens to stop protests or directly influence the power struggle. TLDR:Russianz are the bad guys.
There is nothing wrong with Well Done steak. CMV
I think that people complain about the "fake girl gamer" shaming trend GREATLY outnumber those who actually participate in it. CMV
I don't think being old is intrinsically deserving of respect. CMV
I believe single-gender classrooms would harm the quality of education in America. CMV
I think that iOS is better than Android. CMV
I believe that Russia's action action the Ukraine of late are no different than U.S action against the Middle East. Please CMV
I think wikipedia should be considered a credible source CMV
I think artificial intelligences/synthetic life are/will be alive in much the same way as organic life. CMV.
If Death Penalty Opponents were Ideologically Consistent, I Believe They Would Oppose the Idea of All State Use of Lethal Force, Including the Police and Military. CMV
I don't think it makes sense to tell someone who is pro-life that they should be ok with abortion when the child is conceived via rape. CMV
I think that women should be legally bound to sign up in the Selective Service Drafting. CMV
The study of ancient history is a waste of time and resources. CMV
I don't feel obligated to tip 10% if the service is terrible or the waiter is rude. CMV.
I believe there is no secular "pro-life" argument. CMV
Western culture is the only culture capable of critical self-reflection. CMV
I believe that, in the American Civil War (or, "War Between the States"), the South had a mercenary goal of protecting their right to own slaves, not a noble goal of protecting the precedent of a state's right to secede. cmv
I think owning a dog in town is cruel to the dog CMV
I think major world media is polarized to pro-Western and pro-Russian, and there is no objective source of news. CMV
I believe the U.S., E.U. and NATO should form a military alliance, including naval forces, for the purpose of defending Ukraine and forcing Russia to withdraw its troops. CMV
I'm a woman who has beard hairs and other facial hair. I see no reason to cut this hair off, and find the obsession with waxing, shaving, plucking and other body hair removal idiotic. CMV!
I believe that Black History Month and African American book sections &amp; Brain Bowls are unintentionally racist and should be removed in American society. CMV
I don't think people should have the right to refuse donating their organs once they die. CMV
The Oscars have lost a lot of credibility by not giving Leonardo Dicaprio an award. CMV
I hate the idea of, "tough love", in every applicable sense, CMV
Crimea should become independent or be joined to the Russian Federation. CMV
Inequality is the single greatest problem in society CMV
I believe that the "Put everything down and leave" escapist philosophy is counter-productive to one's life. CMV
I think art can exist and have meaning independent of the artist, and that an artistic work as an object in culture need not be interpreted as the artist intends. CMV
America should abolish the United States Army as a federal force. CMV.
I believe that men are, in general, much funnier than women. CMV
I think I.T. Workers are no more intelligent or important than any other type of mechanic. CMV.
I think it's really stupid when people with no connection to Chinese/Japanese culture get tattoos of Chinese/Japanese characters. CMV
I think a college degree is unnecessary. CMV
People should not refer to the Communist Party of China as "China". CMV.
I think people should stop saying the Ukraine, and instead they should use its official name, Ukraine. CMV.
Bitcoin is not only for the rich. CMV
I believe in waiting until marriage to have sex, CMV.
'Visual learner' is coded language for 'I'm stupid' or 'I'm lazy', and accommodating these self-diagnoses is hazardous.
I think that Lance Armstrong got a raw deal and was no more guilty than any other competing member of his sport. CMV
If we believe that animal lives have even very small value there is an unavoidable conclusion that our current practice of eating animals is an atrocity of unrivaled proportions throughout all of recorded history. CMV
I believe broadcast entertainment is a luxury and should not be publicly funded, CMV
Reddit pisses me off CMV
I think that police should not conduct traffic stops, CMV.
It is perfectly reasonable for a Christian to believe that non-Christians can also get into heaven. CMV.
I believe the Oscars are a joke and that we should be celebrating the achievements of teacher, policemen, firemen, and nurses, not actors. CMV
I think that beer is generally classless and a poor man's drink. CMV.
I think the H-1B and L-1 temporary visa is unnecessary. CMV
It is just as bad to be a conspirator to a crime as it is to commit the actual crime. CMV
I believe all broadcast news is bias and those that only point out Fox News are ignorant. CMV
Online Piracy can be justified. CMV
I believe any law whose intent is to allow or disallow a business to discriminate against any group is simply a publicity play. CMV
The United States Should Not Tax Its Citizens Who Live Abroad. CMV
USA talks alpha - male bluster and aggression and doesn't seem to understand the ways of "being a leader" and diplomacy. We talk threatened and not with respect for Russia and the concept of "saving face" of Russia. CMV
Clinical depression is exaggerated. CMV
The expansion of NATO to eastern Europe and the baltic states was a bad idea CMV
Although I'm no fan of Putin, I believe Russia has considerably more justification for sending troops to Crimea than, say, the US has had for many of our recent military adventures. CMV.
I believe tipping shouldn't be percentage based. CMV
I think it's wrong that wealthy people, like celebrities, ask for money or "donations". CMV.
I see Russia as the agressor and bad guy in the conflict going on in and around the Crimea right now. CMV
Use of Contraception CMV
I believe that hunting animals for sport should remain legal and isn't unethical CMV.
Being fat (not caused by diseases) is wrong and should not be torelated.CMV
If I believed in God, then I could never bring myself to tolerate people who disagree. CMV
I believe businesses should be able to discriminate against whoever they want. CMV
I hated the LEGO movie. CMV
I believe Hearthstone is ultimately a poorly designed card game. CMV
I think being Jewish is a religion and not an ethnicity. CMV.
I believe the Oscars/Academy Awards are a giant circle jerk. CMV.
Romantic love is the least noble form of love and altruistic love is the most noble. CMV.
I believe that the biggest contributor to global warming are coal-fired power plants and we should shut them all down immediately. CMV.
I believe that it is wrong to forcibly commit a mentally ill person if they've committed no crimes, CMV.
I feel that Reddit would be better off without the Downvote button. CMV
Violence is sometimes the answer. CMV
I think most problems on this world are a direct consequence of the monetary system and fighting these problems is useless unless we change the system in itself. CMV
I believe Pure-bred Dog standards and breeders are bad for dogs overall health. CMV
I think the minimum wage should be removed to create more incentive for people to get better jobs - CMV
I believe we can have "American Voting" like we vote for "American Idol". CMV
I believe punishment is wrong, and all punishment should be replaced with rehabilitation. CMV.
Arizona's Recently-Vetoed Bill Was Nowhere Near As Bad As It Was Made Out To Be: CMV
I believe that the domestic cat is the worlds most destructive invasive species and should be removed from our natural environments. CMV
I don't believe there will ever be 'an end of history'. CMV
I pirate too, but I don't think there are any legitimate excuses for pirating. CMV
I believe that public bathrooms and gym showers should not be seperated by sexes. CMV
I believe buttons are superior to zippers and zippers should be abolished. CMV
A warmer earth will be better for humanity CMV
CMV Overtime should be paid for multiple unrelated employers
I support labour unions and workers' rights. However, when a strike affects and hinders the lives of people who are not involved with the dispute, I almost immediately lose sympathy for the union involved. CMV
I believe that countries must compete with each other to advance the human race. CMV
I believe that dance is the least intellectual of all "classical" art forms. CMV
The Duodecimal or Dozenal (base 12) system is superior to the Decimal system we employ today. CMV
I believe Kanye West is the most influencial artist of the past 10 years. CMV.
Baby Boomers are the worst generation to have existed in the USA. CMV.
Customers are the job creators - CMV
Recognition of same-sex partnerships/marriages is not necessitated by the constitution and should be changed via legislative process or constitutional amendment, not Supreme Court ruling. CMV
I really hate being told I need to change my attitude, CMV
Most Muffins are just Cupcakes full of lies. CMV
There is absolutely nothing wrong with incest. CMV
I believe humanity will end itself before the year 3000. CMV
I believe that no one should advocate a political policy unless they have evidence for it that any reasonable person would accept. CMV.
If God is real, I'd expect to find continuing revelation. CMV.
[CMV] I believe that prejudice can sometimes be justified.
AI and robotics is the next big 'industrial boom' similar to the affect that coal and petroleum had on the world. CMV
I believe that cars should have the capacity to go the speed limit on highways as a maximum. CMV.
Corporations shouldn't exist CMV
I think that the use of hyperbole in politics ultimately undermines your own side and radicalizes/emboldens groups which you oppose CMV
There ought to be a referendum on Crimea's political status. CMV
I think it's ideological inconsistent for conservatives to be both anti-business regulation and anti-immigration. CMV.
I think the key to fixing America's fiscal situation is strong and swift entitlement reform - CMV
My life is meaningless; nothing I do matters. CMV
I believe people who make a living out of being "spiritual mediums" are despicable people who exploit emotional weakness for profit. CMV
I think that FDA regulation on pharmaceuticals is a good thing. 'CMV'
I feel the "End it Movement" is just another fad that will sap people of their money. CMV
I believe all police in the UK should be armed with both tasers and guns. CMV!
In discussing the story of 18-19th century Qing China, I can't help but feel the Qing were (generally) in the wrong. CMV.
The Galaxy would have been better off had the Mule been allowed to forge a greater Galactic Empire. CMV
All officials of the legal system, including judges, police and prosecutors, should be elected, or at the very least subject to direct "recall" through a "Vote of No Confidence" process. [CMV]
Income inequality is no more concerning to society than artistic, musical or athletic inequality. CMV
I think most crimes should be legal as long as they don't infringe on the rights of others. CMV.
Attempts to expand religious freedom beyond existing US federal law cannot achieve a middle ground between religious views and discrimination. Please CMV
Gentrification is not a negative event and people should not be attacked for supporting it, CMV.
A brown person can support the Confederacy CMV
I think, to curb human population growth on planet earth, we need a big "Plague". CMV
Golden Rice is a red herring and GMOs will do little to fight global hunger. CMV
My country is implementing Sharia Law this April and I think it's a horrible idea and it infringes basic human rights. CMV
I think it's absolutely ridiculous to be "selectively religious" e.g. be Christian but choose to ignore the "outdated" parts of the Bible. CMV.
I believe that price-gouging is ethical and moral, but only to the point where all products are still sold. Price gouging in an emergency is only wrong if a store holds onto inventory. CMV.
I think free markets unintentionally undermine meritocracy. CMV
I don't believe any animals should be kept in captivity CMV
I don't think the analytic - synthetic dichotomy is valid. CMV.
CMV - I think there shouldldn't be any tax deductions/incentives for people who get married or have children
I think it is time for the United States to adopt the metric system as the official system of weights and measures. CMV
I believe that movements should maintain a tighter control of their belief system. CMV
Men and Women of heterosexual orientation cannot be friends with each other, the sex thing always gets in the way
I believe fan fiction is just as valuable as original works and should not be looked down upon. CMV
I believe that human procreation is at best deeply and profoundly selfish, and at worst completely immoral. CMV.
I think being a life long fan of a sports franchise is ridiculous. CMV
I believe that "public disclosure" and "false light" should not be part of the definition of defamation or other tort or libel laws. CMV
In this comment on /r/AskReddit I (off-topically) argue that downloading is a dick move regardless of the cluttered discussion about outdated laws. CMV
I am starting to doubt the seriousness of climate change CMV
I don't think you can compare modern illegal immigration with the immigration of Europeans to the New World.- CMV
I want to take "forgetting pills" to erase every bad memory I still can't get used to. (Some of which gave me ideations of suicide / self-harm.) CMV
If given the chance, I would not choose to permanently cure my Anxiety and Depression. CMV
I think discrimination from businesses and in the workplace should be completely legal. CMV
Having pets is immoral. CMV
CMV - I feel the only practical way to be successful and live a comfortable, happy life in the future is to be competitive and get into a top-notch college and get a high-paying career; and this stresses me the fuck out
I believe the original intent of the founding fathers is now essentially meaningless, as we live in a vastly different society. CMV
I think marriage is important aside from the tax benefits. CMV
I do not view Edward Snowden as a hero, but rather as a narcissist that committed treason. CMV.
I feel Unions are useless and obsolete. CMV.
I think people take to much offence from things not meant to be offensive. CMV
I think "Is it a person?" is the only valid question in the abortion debate. CMV.
I don't think Reddit should allow subs that are obviously a source of hate speech or hateful intent. CMV?
I believe public breastfeeding, while acceptable in most circumstances, should be concealed, whether it's by covering up with a blanket or by moving to an empty room or washroom. CMV.
I had no problem with the Arizona "anti-gay" bill. CMV.
CMV To lower the cost of housing, the federal government should ban rent control, zoning and local building codes
I wouldn't mind artificial intelligence replacing the human race. CMV.
I think it is arrogant to tell someone that they shouldn't read celebrity gossip, People magazine, etc. and that they should follow "important" news instead. CMV.
I believe that pro athletes deserve to make more than occupations such as teachers. CMV
Our house is littered with mice, but I feel bad for killing them. Please CMV!
I don't believe "an attractive redheaded man" is a thing that exists. CMV
I think the drinking age in the US should be lowered to 18. CMV.
I believe that god and his angels are a race of aliens CMV
I Believe That "Zero Tolerance" in Schools in the Wrong Course of Action for any Scenario, Murder/Attempted Murder/Attempted Rape/Rape Excluded; CMV
I think Tech Buses carrying company-specific employees to and from work in cities like SF is a good thing. CMV
I think civilians should be allowed to own explosives, including but not limited to rocket launchers - CMV
Hijabs are inherently hypocritical and misogynistic, CMV
I believe police officers should have to wear cameras at all times on duty and that all of the footage should be a matter of public record. CMV
I believe the 2nd amendment as applied today isn't what the founders wanted. CMV
I honestly think prom is worth it, CMV.
CMV - I don't see people who are pro-life as being sexist or religious fanatics
I believe that Americans have a unhealthy, pathological obsession with pets that is creepy and smacks of loneliness. CMV
I don't think national service should be mandatory except in the most exceptional of cases. CMV.
A government who cuts welfare but reserves £15-£20 Billion for a renewed nuclear missile system is fundamentally wrong. CMV
I don't think Ender's Game is a good book; it's completely unworthy of any of the critical acclaim it received. CMV.
I believe that there should be more restrictions on what can be bought with food stamps. CMV
CMV - I don't see what's wrong with "morally unethical" human experimentation if all parties are consenting.
I feel drivers of ‘luxury’ vehicles are more ego-centric, rude, and selfish than drivers of more ‘affordable’ vehicles. CMV.
Seeking "help" from any sort of "mental health" professional has the potential to cause far more harm than good and should be avoided at all costs. CMV.
I don't have a problem with sharing my life in social media and think that some of the privacy problems in media are overhyped. CMV
I think that collectivism is a backward and inferior cultural mentality that impedes innovation and progress via emphasis on groupthink and herd mentality/conformity, which are bad things. CMV
I see no problem with child labor, CMV.
I believe nature would be better off without human beings. CMV
I believe there should be no toll highways/roads/lanes. CMV
I don't think that choosing to be childfree is selfish. CMV.
I think recycling is the best way to deal with existing waste. CMV.
Nursing is a trade and NOT a profession... CMV
I Can Not Support Things I Believe Immoral In Good Conscience. CMV
I believe the ruling against net neutrality is a good thing. CMV
A wedding photographer should not have to photograph a gay wedding if he/she feels it is in conflict with his/her religious beliefs. CMV
I have no reason to support gay marriage. CMV
I think /r/adviceanimals is a stupid subreddit. CMV
I think the Confederate flag is nothing but a Hillbilly Swastika. CMV.
The smartphone is not the social interaction killer everyone makes it out to be. CMV
It would be better for everyone if we weren't so concerned about seeming "desperate" in a dating/relationship context. CMV
I believe money can buy happiness. CMV
I am a "materialist": I believe all abstract human constructs like love, hate, jealousy, addiction, mental illness, and anything resembling consciousness is merely a projection of physical processes. CMV.
I believe it is a private business owners right to refuse service to any person for any reason or no reason. CMV
Sub-saharan Africans are sub-humans and should be purged. CMV
All else being equal, on average, the likelihood a man can sleep with a woman will determine who he pursues. This results in sexual competition in which women will resort to either slut shaming or more readily offering sex. cmv.
As a single male, when it comes to single females, if I'm not pursuing, I won't be friends with her; I do become friends with girls in relationships CMV
I believe smoking tobacco products in a public setting should be illegal. CMV.
The reason many women perpetuate the social stigma of sleeping with prostitutes is because prostitution forces them to lower their asking price and commoditize their good (sex). The same reason they slut shame. Sex traffic is an excuse, price controls are the reason it remains illegal. CMV
I am an unintentional white supremacist. CMV
I am completely against high-stakes/standardized tests in schools. CMV
If two people choose to get back to their primitive roots and want to see it through to combat or even death... It should be encouraged. CMV
I believe Diablo 3 was a great game/success and not the huge failure that everyone calls it. CMV
I believe the United States should have a national language and that it should be English. CMV.
If it is discrimination against homosexuals (wedding cake incident) to refuse to cater or photograph a gay wedding, why is it OK to discriminate against gun owners by placing a sign in your business stating that no guns are allowed? CMV
I believe that it's healthy to be desensitized to violence and other "disturbing" things. CMV.
I think national service should be mandatory everywhere, CMV.
I think you're a hypocrite if you're a vegetarian/vegan who owns an iPhone. CMV
Corporation do not influence the American government. Power is still with the people and corporations have little say in what actually goes on in Washington. CMV
I believe a two party political system is good for a country and the citizens. CMV.
I suspect that elected representatives are more likely to have my interests at heart than corporate executives. CMV
A Presidential candidate's choice for VP can and should heavily factor into your voting choice. CMV
I think cultural imperialism and a One World Goverment would be a good thing CMV
Music is a language perfectly capable of communicating information and ideas, CMV
I believe that Arizona's "Gay Discrimination" bill provides a reasonable protection to business owners, and I don't believe that any private business should be forced to provide service to someone they don't want to. CMV.
I believe that employers should not be permitted to make hiring/firing decisions based on factors that do not directly impact an employee's ability to do their job. CMV.
I do not think the whole idea of a father being possessive about his daughter's sexuality is 'sweet' or acceptable in any way, and believe it indicates a prevalent problem in society. CMV.
I don't understand how some Americans reconcile that the U.S. constitution - a document on civil liberties - was in large part authored and approved by slave owners, and continue to consider it the gospel with regard to freedoms etc. CMV
I do not believe there is any problem with the discrimination laws passed in AZ. CMV
I think conspiracy theories about the New World Order are complete BS. Give me a plausible reason to CMV
I am incredibly prejudiced against homeless people, CMV.
I believe the state is more of a benefit than a deterrent for wealth accumulation in society. CMV
Fox News should reinstate Alec Baldwin's failed MSNBC show. CMV.
I don't think attending a lecture is any better than watching it over the internet. All university lectures should be streamed over the Internet (if not saved for later viewing). CMV
I think that people who rail against government surveillance and anti-privacy companies like Google are wasting their time. CMV
I believe education should not be mandatory. CMV
I don't care about things (esp. social movements) that don't directly affect me. CMV
I believe that footballers are paid a ridiculous amount of money that they do not need. CMV.
I don't believe driving under the influence should be illegal. CMV
I think Franz Kafka is not a great writer. Please CMV.
I don't think underage persons should be fined for misdemeanor crimes CMV.
I believe that humans are not violent by nature. CMV
I believe some things you are required to do by law shouldn't be forced, just advised. CMV.
I believe that the world is gynocentric, CMV.
CMV, I believe that the government needs to be more strict on who it gives disability money to
Morality is not objective
I don't think that the average person who serves or has served in the military deserves any more praise or respect than the average person. CMV
I believe that experimenting with Strong AI is unethical. CMV
If you have a family that cares about you and loves you, it is wrong to want friends, romance, or sex. CMV.
I don't believe a comment I made was misogynistic, but it got me banned in another community, CMV
I believe all future Olympics should be held at the same venue. CMV
I believe offensive language toward minorities (the n-word, the f-word, etc) is abhorrent regardless of context. CMV
I think that television is becoming the dominant art form over cinema. CMV
I think that the High Bun is the worst women's hair style in the last 10 to 15 years. CMV
I don't believe the Doctor (Who) should have, or would have, human love interests. CMV.
I do not believe that drinking to get drunk while alone is shameful CMV
I don't believe that funeral processions should be given special traffic laws. CMV
I believe suspected criminals shouldn't be subjected to DNA testing. CMV
I believe that rapists should have absolutely no parental rights over the child that was conceived from rape. CMV
Postulating empirical claims on ideological grounds is fruitless. CMV.
"Religion is the opiate of the masses" is true. CMV.
I believe that humans are the only intelligent species in the galaxy. CMV.
I believe that our criminal disciplinary system fails to recognize that criminal behaviour is the result of a system failing it's population, and not just the result of a couple bad apples. This view inherently leads to the development of discriminatory views of social and cultural groups. CMV
Arguing that something is "just semantics" is a cop out. CMV
I believe that I have no obligation to maintain interpersonal diversity in my friendship group; to me, self-segregation is a perfectly natural phenomenon. CMV.
CMV In sports, announcing someone is openly gay before they perform is detrimental to the LGBT community it is forward thinking in anyway
The Great Lakes have lost their importance. CMV
I Think Government Should Compete With Private Firms in every Free Market in which problems exist. CMV
CMV When parents murder a disabled child it is justifiable homicide
I think that the term "apologists" is completely devoid of any value in an argument. CMV
I don't believe that it's wrong, immoral, or 'bad' that CEO's get paid worlds beyond what the median worker gets paid. CMV.
I think it's fine that the TV Show "Girls" has no racial minority characters. CMV.
The Great Gatsby is a dirge for the American Dream. CMV
I can't kill animals. CMV.
I believe that homosexuality and transexuality are abnormal, and perhaps mental illnesses. CMV
I do not think it makes sense to tie the salary of a university president to the salary of the lowest paid worker. CMV
I think Kingdom of the Crystal Skull was a terrific movie and a worthy addition to the Indy series. CMV
CMV- Libertarianism, ideologically, is incompatible with the idea of civil rights. Therefore, it is impossible for libertarians to act legitimately as allies or advocates of LGBT people, or people of color.
I believe exactly one of the following must be true: (a) A non-bigoted person can reasonably use a person's gender to infer things about that person, or (b) gender is a meaningless concept. CMV.
I believe smaller countries are better than larger ones. CMV.
People who don't like any styles of craft beer, don't actually like the taste of beer. CMV
Those who think the 2nd amendment is for violently opposing overreach by the federal government should be against prosecuting attempts to violently oppose the federal government. CMV.
I believe bait cars, while effective, are extremely unethical. CMV
I believe that soldiers who suffer from PTSD are mentally inferior. CMV
WWE is going into the wrong direction.CMV
There is no deep difference between "natural" and "man-made."
I believe that providing birth control in low-income areas does not significantly help these areas. - CMV
Our number one goal as communities and a civilisation should be to reduce income inequality, this would tackle most of our social problems in the developed world. CMV
I believe the USA flag should only be flown at half-staff for important government officials and military, as it was originally intended. CMV
I believe that golf is a terrible, boring game played by only elderly white men. CMV.
I think that personality, and not hard work, is the primary reason people find success in the world and in life. CMV
The Lego Movie was close to perfection and completely ruined itself. CMV.
Police should be subject to additional criminal charges for "Violation of the Public Trust" when they are found to have acted outside of their appropriate legal authority. [CMV]
I believe that anybody should be able to change their legal sex for any reason. CMV.
I believe social media is valid evidence in court. CMV.
I believe restricted immigration is akin to Jim Crow and apartheid in that it bars people on the basis of where they were born. CMV
I think political systems would be improved if campaign funds were distributed through a public loan system. The paying back of which would be conditional on losing the election. CMV
Opposing gay marriage makes you a homophobe. CMV.
I believe that panic attacks are over hyped or nonexistent. Please CMV
I believe that Zero-Tolerance policies are never a good policy, and are only used because the person in charge doesn't want to spend time to create a real policies. CMV
Hot chocolate is horrible when made with water rather than milk. CMV
I don't believe that arguments supporting the idea that the free market can fix its own problems (monopolization, artificial scarcity, etc.) are generated from an ideological and hypothetical position, not one rooted in data, evidence and fact. CMV.
Furries are not acceptable. CMV
i am always a few minutes late to everything because i dont see the importance of showing up early. CMV
Girl Scout cookies are exploiting little girls for money CMV
I truly believe being an atheist/agnostic is the only way to be if you consider yourself to be a rational thinker. CMV
Writers should own the usage and spell fuck, ass, shit, cunt, and nigger correctly or not use the words at all. CMV.
I believe that the death penalty is appropriate under many circumstances. CMV.
I think all drugs should be legal to buy. CMV
I think that ending a good relationship because of infidelity is a huge mistake. CMV
I believe under the current DSM-5 criteria for hoarding, rich people that accumulate more money than they could ever need or possibly ever spend, should be diagnosed and even treated for Hoarding disorder. CMV
I believe that Verizon and other ISPs should have the right to charge streaming services like Netflix for using a disproportionate amount of bandwidth. CMV
I believe I understand why people think the world is run by 'lizard people', and believe this isn't too far off from the truth . CMV
I think that people who demonize capitalism as "evil" fundamentally don't understand economics. CMV
I think that "Weakest link" or "One bad apple" style methods of discipline are not appropriate in the scholastic setting. CMV
I believe that extremist feminist groups like Femen are overall progressive for women, and those disgusted by Femen are a product of centuries of sexism. CMV
Reptiles, incapable of understanding human companionship, shouldn't be owned as pets. CMV.
People love affirmation of themselves, so that they have someone to cast blame upon when the shit they were reassured about, hits the fan CMV
I think videogames that use psychological manipulation to get you to continue to play should be banned/regulated. CMV
I think everyone is born athiest, CMV.
I think no one deserves more than $2 million annual income. CMV
GMO scare mongering is just as bad as climate change deniers. CMV.
Data caps by ISPs are a fine way of doing business. CMV
I have a universal blood type and refuse to donate. CMV
Intensive gaming disintegrates your social skills. CMV
'Coming out' is over-rated. CMV.
I don't think any conventional morals make sense. CMV
I think that 24 hours is a perfectly reasonable timeframe for responding to texts. CMV
I believe the 2nd amendment is anachronistic and no longer beneficial to the US. CMV
I think people that use online dating are on average less attractive than the general population. CMV
I believe most humans are 'in it for themselves' and care very little about anyone other than those who could possibly benefit them. CMV
I think the notion that both parties in the US are "the same" is ridiculous. CMV.
I wouldn't mind death if I was replaced by an identical copy. CMV.
I believe that it is okay to hold "bigoted" or "hateful" opinions if you keep them to yourself CMV
I believe that community service should not be a graduation prerequisite for high school. CMV
Pirating isn't immoral if you would not have bought the product anyway. CMV
The idea that the US is facing a 'debt crisis' is pure fantasy. Federal borrowing doesn't present a threat to the budget or the economy today, and it won't for the foreseeable future. CMV
I believe that voting rights should be restricted to a certain class. CMV
In America, I believe the Republican Party is to blame for most of the issues facing us today in the 21st century. CMV!
I think soccer is a boring, stupid sport played by whiny bastards. CMV.
The U.S. is the worst developed nation to live in. CMV
I think ISPs' attempts to charge more for higher bandwidth usage are defensible CMV
I don't understand why it is a big deal that WhatsApp has access to my phone data. CMV
Lay offs should not be decried. Unequality of responsibility in employer-employee relationship must end. CMV.
I don't believe we are born with morals. CMV
I feel that if you have to keep an animal caged in order to stop it from running away then the animal in question isn't really a pet. CMV
US society doesn't uphold its military as heroes, but is instead largely indifferent to the troops that it deploys across the world in the interest of its government CMV
Many protesters (i.e. those in Ukraine) consistently escalate their own protests into riots, and then claim brutality the second riot police come out and try to control the situation from anarchy. Try to CMV.
I do not believe democracy inherently protects freedom. CMV.
I believe the Supreme Court should only overturn laws based on a super-majority vote. CMV
Since Hitler's actions were the result of his beliefs, he should not be condemned. CMV
I believe using lower-order animals for scientific research is more ethical than not. CMV.
I am a leftist, and a liberal, and do not believe in gun control, CMV
I believe Implementation eugenics is sometimes necessary. CMV
I believe the golden rule is flawed and self centered, CMV
I believe that radical social liberalism(cultural Marxism) is bad for society and that going in a more social conservative direction would be more beneficial. CMV.
Ukraine future? EU is not better than Russia. CMV
I believe that through the Sapir-Whorf hypothesis emotions are conformed to a select few archetypes(specifically love) that predisposition people into unhealthy relationships. CMV.
I think Woody Harrelson's behaviour in his AMA was totally understandable and justifiable CMV
I believe that being "episodic" generally makes a TV series better, and that shows like *The Wire* suffer by ignoring this. CMV.
There is nothing wrong with me being a sociopath. CMV
Debates are a useless form of argument that do little to nothing in provoking critical thought from its audience. CMV.
I just spent my entire tax return fixing up my car that I'm about to sell. The buyer of the car agreed to buy the car in the condition it was in before the repairs. I feel like I'm doing the right thing even though my goal lately is to save money. CMV.
I think the Confederate flag is racist, and there is a large overlap between people who fly it, and people who are racist. CMV
I think prescription drugs are way more dangerous than illegal drugs, especially marijuana. CMV
I don't believe that laws should be based on religious principles under any circumstances. CMV
I don't want to leave Florida and pursue a career in stop-motion film animation because I don't want to leave my family behind. CMV
Segregated male and female bathrooms are pretty much equivalent to segregated white and colored bathrooms, and should be abolished. CMV
I believe that equating the gay agenda to the civil rights movement is an extremely flawed &amp; disrespectful POV. CMV
I don't think I need to try for harder than a 3.0 my last semester of college. CMV.
[CMV] Tipping should be voluntary, not expected.
Having a revolution is extremely detrimental for a country.
I believe that a true 'one world government' or 'one planet, one nation' scenario is impossible without some kind of arbitrary external motivator. CMV
Can anyone CMV about Walter and Hank in Breaking bad
I believe people actively working to "expose" homeopathy, aren't nearly as noble as they think they are. CMV
I feel like no matter how heinous the alleged crime, everybody deserves a fair trial and they should be viewed as innocent until proven guilty. CMV
I think mass surveillance is snuffing out democracy. CMV
Saying "There is no such thing as reverse racism / sexism" is not really correct and turns people off social justice and helps spread ignorance. CMV
I believe anarchy is the superior system for Twitch Plays Pokemon, CMV.
Our only "real" purpose is to survive, reproduce, and our-compete others for scarce resources. Ideals are fine, but we shouldn't let them obscure this underlying reality. CMV.
People found guilty of drunk driving should never be able to drive again, CMV
[CMV] I think tattoo artists should not ink drunk people.
I believe that being patriotic in the 21st century is damaging to the global community and displays national immaturity. CMV
Classical music is far superior to modern (non classical) music. CMV
I Belive Eating Animals Is Morally Comparable To Human Massacre. CMV.
I don't believe police officers should have the moral obligation to report on crimes while off-duty. CMV
I can't accept otherkin culturally. Cmv
Being intoxicated should not in anyway alleviate criminal responsibility. CMV
I think Onodera is best girl over Chitoge, CMV
I need reasons to become vegetarian, and ways to do so without making my life too uncomfortable or hard. CMV.
I should commit suicide. CMV
I think that fine art degrees are basically pointless and unworthy of the title "bachelor's degree". CMV
In high school late work should not be penalized. CMV
I believe that using animals in labs to test medical products is a good thing. CMV
Probably a repost, but: Assuming rights-based moral theory is a good way to make decisions, I think that most animals have the right to life. Consequently, eating meat is wrong. CMV.
Seat-belt laws are logically indefensible and exist only to impose risk adverse morality CMV
I don't think it's possible for people to genuinely enjoy themselves in a bar where recorded music is played too loud for conversation to be possible, and that the multitudes of people who subject themselves to this indignity are suffering from a grand delusion or a lack of ambition. CMV.
I believe animal cruelty laws are ridiculous CMV
CMV Welfare benefits should be loans
I think that applications should be judged solely on the person's merits, and should not even ask about racial/gender identifiers. CMV
Batman would be an astronomically better character if he didn't exist within the context of the DC universe, CMV
I believe that the US should pass a constitutional amendment allowing people born outside of the Unites States to run for president. CMV.
I think that barefoot running is more healthy for our legs than running with shoes. CMV.
I believe society's development of the view "Don't Judge Others" is not practical and judging others is unavoidable in real life. CMV
Starving yourself is a good way to lose weight. CMV.
I think modern art is terrible CMV
Paying for elite prep programs negates your right to say that you "worked for everything you have." CMV?
I believe suicide should be considered an acceptable action for the sick and those with severe depression/mental health issues
I'm against any laws that exist purely to protect people from themselves. CMV
I believe humanity will never achieve nor come reasonably close to perfect equality. CMV
No one cares for me, please CMV.
I believe that schools giving suspensions to students has the opposite effect on behavior. CMV
I don't believe subjective sports should be allowed at the Olympics, CMV.
American colleges charge notoriously high tuition fees because these costs are being subsidized by the wealthy. CMV.
I think that Ukraine will be better off if it can break away from Putin's grasp and join the EU CMV
I believe Real estate Agents bring no value whatsoever to the selling of a house and the idea that they even get a percentage of the sale is absurd. CMV
I don't think that a "One World Government" is necessarily a bad thing CMV
I think if something bad happens to a child, usually it is the parents fault, not society's. CMV!
I believe movies and shows shouldn't be allowed to portray racist or abusive characters, glamorize drug use, or glamorize acts of violence, as I believe the general population is too stupid not to recreate, imitate, or harness prejudice from these things. CMV
I am a scientist, and I believe a god exists. There is nothing wrong with this position, CMV
I think that my tax dollars should not go to paying the prisons that hold convicts and that the prisons should be upkept by the seizure of assets by the convicted. CMV
I think that using the First Past The Post voting system in the US is idiotic. CMV
I think that plans to create a human presence on Mars within the next 25-35 years (Mars-One, SpaceX, and others) are a misguided waste of resources, and they hinder long term interplanetary settlement. The moon is a much better target. CMV.
I believe that the number one reason not to believe in any government conspiracy theories is that people are incompetent. CMV
As a US Federal employee, it will never be in my best interests to vote Republican. CMV.
If it's my ball, there is nothing wrong with me taking it and going home whenever I want. CMV
I believe the Early Access system is greatly harming the indie game market and gaming as a whole, and does very little good for gamers or devs. CMV
I think checking should be legal in women's international hockey. CMV
I believe that only murderers deserve death. CMV.
I don't like Lil B's music and I have a hard time understanding what the hype is based upon. CMV
I think that the United Sates should stop kidding itself and just admit that it is a 1 Religion Nation. CMV
I don't think there is anything wrong with using the word gay in a light-hearted manner. CMV
I don't think there is proof that feminism helps men. CMV.
I think it's okay to litter non-recyclables. CMV
I don't think college is worth the time spent to gain a degree when the time could be spent working a full time job. CMV
The modern obsession with gender fragmentation undermines actual equality. CMV
[CMV] Forced Child Support payments are immoral "financial slavery" and should be ended immediately: An examination of Free Agency and the assigning of Responsibility for Choices.
You are 100% monkey. CMV
I think heavy metal music is terrible. CMV
I don't want to have children. CMV
I think it is unreasonable for a transgendered person to be angry with me if I use the wrong gender/non gender neutral pronoun when referring to them. CMV
I believe that "you", "your" and "you're" in the English language should be changed to "u", "ur" and "u're". CMV.
I think the legality of abortion and the existence of Legal Parental Surrender should be tied to each other, because they are essentially the same thing under the law. CMV
I believe eating a vegan diet is the healthiest and most sustainable way to live. CMV.
I prefer watching dubbed versions of anime whenever possible. CMV
If I could take a pill that (safely) destroys my sex drive, I would do it. CMV.
I don't think the X/10 rating of people's looks is immature or inappropriate. CMV
Climate change is a primarily a result of human actions. CMV
Conservatives have no reason to complain over liberal bias in the news media and Hollywood. CMV
I think House of Cards would be best ended at season 3. CMV. (WARNING: SPOILERS)
I don't believe in marriage and have no intention of getting married. CMV.
I think the US federal gov will take over telecommunication infrastructure within the next 5 years. CMV
I believe that euthanasia should be legal CMV
I believe that you should be allowed to drive at whatever speed you wish as long as you aren't driving recklessly or under extenuating circumstances CMV
I believe that the whole uproar over Marius the giraffe, and especially the autopsy and feeding of his body to the lions, only serves to prove how sheltered and mollycoddled a modern child is. CMV!
I believe murder-by-hospice is widespread in the US. We kill off many our sick and elderly, and nobody cares. CMV.
I don't want my kids to play violent video games CMV
CMV I believe that the elimination of privacy benefits society
I believe the US government should go beyond just marijuana, and decriminalize or even legalize all other drugs. CMV.
I think that the backlash to Sochi 2014 Olympics over gay rights is more US Russophobic propaganda than genuine concern for human rights. CMV
I believe that the concept of a 'promise ring' prior to an engagement is childish and convoluted. CMV
I think that technology(in the current system) will ruin society.CMV
Profit is nothing more than savings, so whenever you complain about excessive profits, your argument is economically obtuse. CMV
I see no practical reason to drive a manual. CMV
I believe that a considerable percentage of Americans are misdiagnosed with mental health disorders due to a growing incentive for medicine to profit. CMV
I think speaking a language with a thick foreign accent is just lazy. CMV
The Concept of Marriage Proposing is Outdated, Consumerist, and Sexist, CMV
I believe it is the responsibility of every citizen to have some form of martial skill, CMV.
Felons and children should get to vote. CMV.
I believe that coming out as gay pales in comparison to coming out as atheist CMV
I believe everyone should have to complete a quiz about their chosen candidate/party before their vote is valid. CMV
Prospective parents must be subject to rigorous testing before being allowed to have a child. CMV
I believe that freedom of speech should extend to the right to insult or troll someone, or question historical events. CMV
I don't believe that addiction is inherently bad. CMV.
I think a second party instigators are criminally culpable as the first party offenders in cases of third party victims CMV
It is impossible for there to be a homosexual gene. CMV
I believe if it doesn't affect anyone negatively, adults should be allowed to do whatever they choose to. CMV
I don't think businesses should pay women for maternity leave, in fact, I don't think women should work at all cmv
I believe that the act of giving a large amount of financial aid and military protection to third world countries is a misguided cause. CMV.
Clerks is a bad movie CMV
I think that having children today in a developed country is more of a hobby than it is a necessity. CMV
It's my opinion that the wealthy class has initiated class warfare within the US and they are winning. CMV
Valentine's Day is bullshit and people are wrong to continue celebrating it, CMV.
People who claim to only like the original 151 Pokemon are missing out, and all for misplaced purism. CMV.
I think churches should remain tax-exempt. CMV
Reading fiction / fantasy novels, comics, manga (etc.) are no more beneficial, cognitively, than watching television. CMV
Australia is the best country in the world CMV
People who suck-up to get ahead are manipulative and morally corrupt. CMV.
I feel like IT Support personnel who dismiss Windows 8 as an operating system show a lack of adaptability and are therefore bad at their job. CMV
I believe that sociology is essentially a useless subject. Further, I especially believe it should not be a required elective in certain colleges. CMV
Yes, the U.S. was founded on Judeo-Christian principles. CMV.
I think the GOP has a &gt;55% chance of retaking the Senate in 2014. CMV
Speaking heterosexually: The sexual desire of men for women outweighs the sexual desire of women for men, by an order of magnitude. CMV
I think text editors like vim and emacs are a relic of the past and a waste of time. CMV
Political parties should have to pay for their own primary elections. CMV
CMV. I believe the CBS show "Elementary" Is worth more praise and acclaim than the BBC version "Sherlock"
I believe gaming is as viable as a hobby as any other. CMV
I believe that Snowden staying in Russia is extremely hypocritical and treacherous. CMV.
I believe that an unquestionable loyalty to "majority rules" is dangerous and foolhardy. CMV.
I think that Griffith did not create "The Birth of a Nation" to showcase intolerance or history. I think Griffith is guilty of sentimentalism. CMV.
CMV I am pro-abortion and believe that abortion is better than foster care or adoption
I believe people should be able to chose an area of focus in their education earlier than college. CMV.
I think war is an necessary evil. CMV.
I think that Canada and the USA should merger into one country. CMV
I believe that if you wouldn't be able to love an adopted child as much as your birth child you don't deserve to be a parent. CMV
I believe the US and any democratic nation is fundamentally a voluntary society and that Libertarians are free to leave if they do not like it. CMV.
I believe that America is going to hell, and that I should leave immediately after college. CMV.
I believe that businesses should have the right to discriminate who they provide goods and services to. CMV
The logic behind banning religious iconography in school makes no sense. CMV!
1 I believe people who routinely procrastinate cannot be successful at what they choose to do. CMV.
I believe pirating software/music/etc is wrong CMV
CMV, I believe that it should take more than being gay to earn respect from ''the masses''
They say I should not compare myself with others, but I find it wrong and noncompetitive. CMV
MLB is concerned that only ~10% of their players are African American. If this is a legitimate concern, I believe the NBA should also be concerned that ~17% of their players are white, CMV
I believe America's Health Class is useless and teaches to do things that the PTA wants, which is irrelevant for education. CMV!
I believe it is unfair to dogs to primarily feed them kibble. CMV
The United States founding and most of its history has been founded on religious beliefs CMV or yours
"None of the above" should be an option on American ballots. CMV
I believe that the term "safe space" is a passive aggressive method of saying circlejerk and is designed to stifle dissenting voices that could offer up challenges to potentially faulty logic. CMV
I think non voting is a form of voting. The proportion of seats in the house of commons or equivalent that would have been won should be given to people on the electoral register selected at random like jury duty. CMV
All politicians should be required to state what criteria would need to be met for them to change their position on a piece of legislation or policy CMV.
I believe Macs are great computers for their price. CMV.
I believe this War on women is a made up lie, and that women may chant for equality, but they actually want special treatment...CMV
I don't trust people and/or find them boring if they don't drink or have tried any drugs. CMV
I don't see transgender people as the gender they transition to. CMV.
I believe that, politically, there is no longer a "lesser evil". CMV
CMV Biological parents should pay child support after adoption
I believe that the National Ignition Facility is nothing more than nuclear weapons research masquerading as a civilian fusion power program. CMV
If I had a prescription for ritalin, adderall, vyvanse, etc. college would be easier. CMV
I believe that .9 repeating does NOT equal 1 and is representative of a serious flaw in decimal notation. CMV
I think it's unethical to use biased information in packagings to mislead people to buy. CMV
The existence of sociopaths/psychopaths is solid proof against Christianity. CMV.
It is impossible to speak in lay terms about homosexuality being maladaptive and be politically correct without resorting to double speak, lying or being labelled an intolerant, bigot homophobe. CMV
I don't see any reason to allow cellphones, laptops, or tablets in my classroom. CMV.
I think it is an outdated practice to prohibit alcohol sales on Sunday. CMV
I believe you should never hold a belief so firm that your mind cannot be changed. CMV
I think "Buy Local" or "Buy American" are unhelpful concepts and, in many cases, even morally objectionable. CMV.
I believe the World Bank, IMF, and WTO need to be abolished (or fundamentally altered). CMV
I believe that space programs are just disguised military research programs. And we science nerds, who consider ourselves so skeptical of government power, have been suckered into promoting military research. CMV.
I believe that watching television is a complete waste of time. CMV.
The idea of getting a sex change is ridiculous. CMV
I believe that criminals are NOT "victims of an oppressive society" and that they are mostly at fault for the situations they are in. CMV
The "Seinfield is unfunny" trope, when used an excuse as to why older things are above certain criticisms, makes it too difficult for younger people to criticize older media. CMV.
I believe athletes have a right to say that they might feel uncomfortable around gays in locker rooms. CMV
I believe public speaking is a skill and public speaking classes should b taught as such CMV
I think it is stupid to be proud of anything you did not earn/accomplish, including "being proud to be an American." CMV
I believe the assertion "you're projecting" provides nothing to an argument. CMV
Modern Culture is so negative because our positive descriptors have been hijacked by advertising. CMV
I think online poker is rigged, CMV
I don't believe alimony should be awarded to any party in a "no-fault" divorce. CMV.
At the age Olympians must start training, it's akin to child abuse. CMV.
I don't think the capital gains tax rate should be increased... EVER! CMV
I believe that arrogance and confidence are the same thing. CMV
The LBGT movement turning the Rainbow into a ideological symbol is an unacceptable crime against people everywhere. CMV
I refuse to do laser eye surgery. CMV
I believe that this country never got over the Civil War and we were perhaps better off allowing secession. CMV.
It is NEVER a good idea to partake in recreational drug use. CMV
I believe that people that believe in a Eternal Hell for Non-Believers in their God should be held morally accountable for their position. CMV.
I don't care about mass surveillance or the NSA. I do nothing illegal so if they check my emails, screen my bandwidth usage, or monitor my phone calls I couldn't care less. CMV
I think people who believe that it's ok to scare kids or prank them for laughs are idiots and/or terrible people CMV
I don't see any use in learning a language from a place where everybody speaks English. CMV.
No fault divorce is a bad thing. CMV
I don't think standardized tests should allot extra time for students with learning disabilities CMV
I believe the most important thing in life is to achieve something worthy of remembrance. CMV
I think I might be depressed, but seeking help is a waste of time. CMV.
I believe the final season of Breaking Bad was terrible, CMV
The "selfie era" has propelled humanity into a new degree of narcissism, and change the way we understand the world CMV
I think Republicans' focus on the Benghazi attack is nothing more than a two-fer attempt to tar Obama and Hillary Clinton with a "scandal." CMV
Star Trek is a show that shouldn't be shared with future generations. CMV
I believe that the "Today We Fight Back" movement will prove futile in reigning in the powers of the NSA. CMV.
I believe discussions by atheist vs christians are ridiculous. CMV
Nurse Ratched gets a bad rap CMV
"Dumb Starbucks" is not parody and should not be protected by fair use laws. CMV.
The popular film "Frozen" is about a manic pixie dream princess teaching a man to love and the female characters exist to further their male counterpart's characters. CMV
I believe abortion is immoral and should only be allowed in cases of rape or danger to the mother. CMV.
I believe the impulse behind technological development is pathological, CMV
Sex Addiction is a Real Disorder -- CMV
I believe Jonathan Vilma is correct in his apprehension towards having a gay teammate in the locker room. CMV.
I believe that software developers should work the amount of time they're paid to work, and "working smarter" doesn't cut it. CMV
I don't think Facebook has anything particularly to do with it, but people don't seem to know the difference between acquaintances you have fun with or toy with being closer to as a trial for becoming friends, and actual friends. CMV.
I believe people should be able to retire by the time they are 62 years old, and that their employers should be paying them well enough to do so. CMV
I believe the quality of the ELI5 subreddit has been severely degraded and should lose it's default subreddit status. CMV
I think I should install industrial strength toilets and urinals in my house CMV
I think high price private universities are the worst mistake a high school grad can make and the government should defund them. CMV?
Only idiots yell at customer service workers. CMV
Duty to country is not worth dying for because family obligations trump nationalism. CMV
Benjamin Franklin's famous line ("He who gives up a little freedom for security deserves neither") is outdated and impractical in today's world. CMV
I believe that if somebody wants to kill his/her self, nobody should try and stop them, maybe even encourage it CMV
I think Star Wars episode I-III are better than IV-VI, in almost every way possible. CMV
I think most people who say they like Batman like him for his cool factor and the indulgent fantasy he provides rather than actually caring about the character. CMV
I believe that there should be a hard test for people that wants children. Only the elite of our society should be able to bring another child to this world. CMV
I believe education and business are incompatible. CMV
The World Cup should be held every 2 years. Not four. CMV.
In my case, suicide is justifiable--CMV
I don't think that being employed makes someone a better person than being unemployed. CMV.
To cut college costs, students should be given the option to teach themselves. CMV
I think public nudity should be completely legal everywhere, CMV
I honestly believe that Breaking Bad is an awful show an is unworthy of it's praise. CMV.
You shouldn't do anything that enacts your privilege upon others, CMV
I believe an empire should only invest in reactive defence of its own borders, and spread its philosophy through diplomacy and propaganda. CMV
Employers should have to reimburse the government for public assistance provided to their employees. CMV
Action movies were better before The Dark Knight. CMV.
I make a point of and go out of my way to avoid killing or harming any Animals CMV.
Teachers are inevitably becoming unnecessary due to technology. Please CMV
I believe the Brony sub-culture is filled not with people who like the My Little Pony show, but sad, lonely people looking for a social outlet instead CMV.
Microsoft should stop making the XBOX franchise, as we know it. CMV
I can't help but think that people who dramatically edited their external appearance have some sort of emotional issues. CMV.
I refuse to "work" and I live off welfare. I don't see what's wrong with this and I will do it as long as I can get away with it. CMV.
I think comic book heroes are childish. CMV.
"Egalitarianism" is an euphemism for anti-feminism and sexism, the same way "race realism" is an euphemism for white supremacism. CMV.
I think the mainstream's acceptance of marijuana and rejection of cigarettes is delusional to the degree of insanity. - CMV
I believe that feminist buzzwords like 'problematic' and 'exploitative' are not useful to discourse. CMV.
Social media has made America's generation's Y (1980-2000) and Z (2000's-today) more vain and obsessed with appearance. CMV.
Comic book movies are often as formulaic as chick flicks, CMV
I think there is no love in sex. CMV
I do not think it makes sense to cheat or take adderall to complete a PhD. CMV.
PUA is not inherently unethical. CMV
A true democracy - where the least educated have as much of a vote as an educated citizen - is a disaster waiting to happen. CMV
"Sharing the Gospel" in any religion is cause to question your views. CMV
People who think charitable acts are selfish from this display characteristics of a sociopath CMV
I 'slut-shame' and believe it to be an valid social norm. CMV
I think that plastic surgery is an abomination. CMV
I think that the vast majority of ADD/ADHD cases are simply energetic children. CMV
I'm an atheist and I don't think there have been any good representatives for atheism. CMV.
I believe the United States war in Afghanistan has been a failure and the near 13 year long conflict will be a detriment to American foreign policy and world standing for a long time to come. CMV
Adoption is usually selfish-CMV
I am an anti-Semitic guy because I was raised in a Muslim environment . Please CMV
There should be no such thing as a required prerequisite course. CMV
I think that the wage gap between men and women is almost entirely due to women choosing less profitable majors. CMV.
I don't think that female-on-male rape is a thing. CMV.
The American democracy is fundementally flawed, and cannot accurately represent its people. The critical flaw is the Fist Past the Post (FPTP) voting model which the US Constitution is founded upon. CMV.
I think the discussion about sexism towards women is being approached incorrectly.CMV
I believe that the government works out perfectly. CMV.
Prejudice is not inherently bad. CMV
I believe only the beholder can *change* their view CMV
I believe if you are a member of the LGBT community or a feminist, you should detest the ideology and the teachings of Islam. Please, CMV
I believe that the marriage ritual is seeking validation from authority. CMV
I feel that the greatest goal of mankind should be finding a way to prevent natural death. CMV
Cmv: I don't understand why we want to incentivize ridiculous wealth and why high taxes on high incomes and wealth are a bad thing.
I dont think it's possible to be "half-jewish", "half-christian", or any half-religion. CMV
Altruism does not exist, CMV
As an entity, I absolutely despise fraternities. CMV
I believe Capitalism should be abolished for the interest of humanity. If you have any objections to this, I beg of you to CMV
I find addicts weak and unwilling to take responsibility for their own actions. CMV
All religious debate between atheists and theists is pointless. CMV
I don't feel comfortable eating any animal I wouldn't kill myself. CMV
I believe school exams are a poor indicator of subject knowledge. CMV
I don't believe the right to marriage equality for homosexuals is as significant of a human rights issue as racial integration. CMV
I think that Reddit has declined into a cesspool of immature teenagers who are mucking up the place with low-brow content. CMV
I think that the United states spends entirely too much on the prison system. CMV
College Athletes should not be paid. CMV
I'm having a hard time believing that Anarcho Capitalism would make society so much better. CMV
I do not believe that the outrage over a link posted in r/politics deserves outrage. CMV
I do not believe in the existence of a soul. CMV
"Something is rotten in the kingdom," plurality voting forces two behemoth parties, and I don't predict improvement until we use a better voting method. CMV
I think it is immoral for online media companies to link a person's name, for life, to a negative article about that person with outside search engines. CMV.
CMV on feminists. I think the hard-core feminists are close minded.
Stereotypical Pop acts aggravate me, and I cant respect them. CMV.
Blue is the BEST color in the universe! CMW!
I think genetically engineering babies for desirable characteristics is awesome CMV
[Mod-Post] To all new users: Welcome to CMV, and a few tips
Professional service jobs should be making up to an equal amount of money as entertainers and athletes. CMV
I believe non citizens and illegal immigrants should be denied access to welfare benefits and social services. CMV
I am British, and the mentality that "we" won a bronze medal at the Winter Olympics is not a pleasant one. CMV
Parents shouldn't rely on Ipads and Cell phones to entertain their children. CMV
I think that anyone who says they love animals, and is not a vegan, is a hypocrite. CMV.
I think Superman is probably the worst concept for a superhero ever and definitely the least interesting CMV
There is nothing to do for fun in Metro Atlanta. To do anything fun you have to go to the city proper. CMV
I think that graves are a waste of space. CMV
The post-apartheid government have done little to improve South Africa. CMV
The state should not use punishment for the sake of deterrence and retribution. CMV
I believe that all teachers should be encourage to carry a handgun. CMV
I find it very hard to respect liberal Christians. CMV.
I (as a non-bitcoin user) believe that Bitcoin and all other Cryptocurrencies will ultimately fail and is not a legitimate currency. CMV
The term 'Reverse racism' is racist. CMV.
I agree with Peter Singer, that "prosperous people should donate to overseas aid organizations.... all money not needed for the basic requirements of life" CMV
Natural rights do not exist. CMV
I think that people seeing Kevin Richardson's behavior around lions is dangerous for the general public. CMV.
I believe that 21st century cultural expectations for men (qua the masculine ideal) are unrealistic and undesirable. CMV!
I believe its insensitive to expect the poor to "pick themselves up by the bootstraps" CMV
I believe that affirmative action is overall bad for minorities/women. CMV
I believe it is unjustifiable to support abortion but not the death penalty. CMV
I believe tollways are useless and a drain on the economy, CMV
I think Trader Joe's is America's best grocery store chain. CMV.
I don't think Jaden Smith's quote about eyes and mirrors is as absurd as people make it out to be. CMV
I believe that movies are ALWAYS a better form of storytelling than books(novels). CMV
Facebook and Phone "games" are not really games. CMV
Stimulants should be sold over the counter.
Brony's obsession with a child show is unhealthy and they should seek psychiatric help. Please CMV.
I think Chicago should become a state. CMV.
I believe naloxone should be available to anyone over-the-counter without a doctors prescription. CMV
I believe cell phones have negatively impacted our abilities to communicate. CMV.
I earn a good salary but still live with my parents at 25 and think that's fine. CMV
If someone of one gender can "identify" with another gender and be legally recognized as such, then the same should hold true if I identify myself as another race, etc. CMV
I was raised to have a pessimistic veiw of the world, and I kept it, more and more despite my will. CMV.
I think multi-level marketing is detrimental to those involved. CMV
I believe that the olympics in Sochi is not only a good time, but the perfect time to be talking about the situation of gay and lesbian people in that country, CMV
I don't think there is any improvement in audio quality after burning in headphones/speakers. CMV
Coal ash needs to be stored more securely. CMV.
I believe that Dumbledore would outclass Gandalf if it came down to a fight. CMV.
I don't think we're really an advanced civilization. CMV
CMV : No country in the world is suitable to hold the Olympics. They all have policy's that go against the 'Olympic spirit'.
I believe that the academic field of International Relations suffers when non-state actors play a bigger role in politics and international relations. CMV.
Raising the salary of government officials would attract better candidates and reduce the power of lobbies. CMV
I am considering dropping out of High School. CMV
The United States is too large to be what it was intended to be and the best outcome for it is to peacefully disband rather than face a bloody civil war: CMV
The rhetoric of "justifying racism using science" is a red herring. CMV.
I don't believe that there are any LOGICAL reasons why gay marriage shouldn't be allowed. CMV
If it takes X yards to stop your car, then you should have X yards of visibility in front of you at all times. CMV.
Racism is not inherently bad. Being overly prideful and unwilling to accept other races qualities is what's bad. CMV
Living life by emotion requires bad judgment. Living life by logic requires unhappiness. CMV
Gandalf is one of the lamest wizards in fiction. Cmv
I think that the recent Grammy's marriage celebration was intentionally designed to be divisive and inflammatory to those who oppose gay marriage, namely the Catholic church. CMV.
I believe that individualistic societies worship so-called scientific "geniuses" when discoveries are a combined effort. CMV.
I think the Pride Parade enforces stereotypes and is a hindrance on the Gay Rights movement. CMV
Saying there is not enough women in Technology is equivalent to saying that there is not enough men in Erotic Services, CMV.
I think Google is being being tactless, irresponsible and is unnecessarily tainting a world event with its politics by posting its current controversial "Doodle". CMV.
I don't trust women, CMV.
We should not demand Russia to respect gay rights, but rather should not have let them organize the olympics in the first place. CMV.
Educated, religious individuals use the word "faith" as a euphemism for "desire." CMV
I believe Google is self serving in all of it's actions, and it's current page is another example. I don't believe Google cares about not being evil, and is just like any other company. Change my view.
Since he has come up in the news again, I'll go for it. I think George Zimmerman was completely deserving of his verdict and allegations of murder or a hate crime come from ignorance. CMV
I think that life is pointless and depressing. CMV
I think the current tipping system in America is terrible and should be changed. CMV
Arrest records shouldn't exist - CMV
I don't believe in childhood or innocence-- it fosters immaturity CMV
I don't think that Shinto makes any sense. CMV
Neil deGrasse Tyson is not a scientist. CMV.
Most r/atheism types believe in evolution for the same reason creationists believe in Creationism CMV
I think about the Truman Show fairly often and how it could possibly be what is going on in my life CMV
CMV I think that the difference between "gender" and sex has no point
I believe that hate crime laws are a violation of free speech. CMV
I believe that the trials of George Zimmerman and Casey Anthony do not show a failure of the American Justice, but a Success. CMV
I don’t feel guilty downloading music illegally from mainstream, successful artists. CMV.
I believe lobbying (including corporate lobbying) is an essential part of the political process, and must be maintained at all costs. CMV
It is illogical and foolish to believe that science defines truth and logic. CMV
I believe the Grammys have a prejudge against rap &amp; hip-hop and a gross misunderstanding of the genre. CMV.
I believe the world would be a better place if we were all less concerned about changing other people's views CMV
I believe informing the general public of "possible" terrorism threats is useless fear mongering by the government and media. CMV.
CMV that people convicted of violent crimes should be permanently forbidden from having children by birth or adoption.
I believe first world countries have an obligation to humanity to make tyrants their business. CMV
Hiding terminal disease from loved one until it has almost come to the end is right thing to do. CMV
I believe homosexuality is a cancer in society.
I think people who say things like :"As a men of science who is also a religious men..." are lying or not understanding science at all.CMV.
I think that we should be open to science in discussions of racism and sexism, CMV
I believe that televised talent shows (American Idol, The Voice, etc.) are counter productive. CMV.
Karma does exist CMV
I believe there are objective facts about how human beings deserve to be treat, regardless of the particular context they find themselves in. CMV
I think that the minimum wage should not be raised and that we should change the tax system from a progressive tax system to a flat tax system. CMV
I think labeling genetically modified products is unnecessary and actually detrimental socially and economically. CMV
I want to smoke weed just to see what it feels like. CMV.
I believe that no gay person chooses to be gay. CMV
Spanking children is wrong and poor parenting. CMV
I think that posts on /r/pics with a sexual implication, or exposed breasts/butts are dumb karma grabs, and should not be accepted by the community. CMV. [nsfw]
All the angst over "income inequality" is misguided and based ignorance. All men are not "created equal" CMV
If GMOs are harmful for animals they're harmful for humans. CMV
I thought the Sherlock season three finale was an awful episode. CMV
I think that The Biggest Loser is generally a positive force and the current kerfuffle over the winner's weight loss is being looked at in the wrong light. [CMV]
I think fashion is the field least beneficial to humanity at large. CMV
Advertising is immoral and should be regulated. CMV
Evolution has a goal, and that goal is humanity. CMV
I believe domain name speculation is evil. CMV.
Some forms of slavery are ok CMV
It's okay to prefer porn+fapping to sex.
I don't think I should buy a smartphone. CMV
I believe it's not ok to be racist even on platforms like /r/ImGoingToHellForThis CMV
I think the over sexualization of women on Reddit is repulsive and detracts from the quality of Reddit. CMV
Employers should not provide healthcare benefits to employees. CMV.
I think there is a chance Creationism might be true
I believe that agnosticism is far superior both theistic and atheistic gnosticism, and that gnosticism on both sides makes claims they can't support. CMV
"Stick and stones may break your bones but words should never hurt you" CMV.
I think Ken Ham won the debate with Bill Nye. CMV!
Chiropractors are intentionally blurring the lines between mainstream medicine and alternative medicine.
I believe that "democracy would work much better if everyone voted" is not a valid argument at all. CMV.
I don't think Joy Division (specifically Unkown Pleasures) is very good CMV
I believe Microsoft picking a 22-year insider as CEO is the right choice. CMV
CMV- I think the politicians in my country are actually not that bad.
IMO the UN doesn't make any impact using non-violence.
To avoid rendering the ecosystem unable to support human life in the developed world we should radically change our diets, phasing out meat products altogether and eventually animal products overall. To do otherwise is morally and practically unjustifiable bar a few minor exceptions CMV
I Think Intellectual Property Rights Should Not Apply To Scientific Research
I think that if a test and treatment existed for homosexuality in children that gays would effectively cease to exist in the developed world in a generation. CMV
I believe that modern science and any God can coexist peacefully, no matter what your beliefs about God are.
I think laws and systems who's success relies on the sympathy or empathy of others are poorly designed. CMV
I think that the Laws of Motion of Capitalism tend such that wealth accumulates to such a degree that 'morality' doesn't exist any more. CMV!
I believe that having single-gender classrooms would improve the quality of education in American public schools. CMV.
Gays can be changed into straight people CMV
I believe that football statisticians should stop recording "number of tackles" and should instead separate the stat into "running tackles" and "receiving tackles" CMV
I believe that proponents of animal welfare are trying to regulate morality similar to the logic of pro-life activists. CMV
Natural rights are nonsensical
I believe that the vast majority of obese people have no right to complain about being obese.
CMW We don't have the full rights to free speech
I believe that governments should eliminate Nanny-State-Esque laws and let a form of natural selection prevail. CMV.
I believe that where there is a demand, schools based on and adhering to religious principles and practices should be allowed. CMV.
If you are willing to get into a physical altercation over a sporting event in which you are not participating, you are in need of some level of mental help. CMV
I don't think "East Sea" should be used alongside "Sea of Japan". CMV
I think Intelligent Design makes more sense than Evolution. CMV
I want to try a martingale betting strategy on roulette. I think it's a foolproof way of making a quick, small profit. CMV
I think that addicts are absolved of all moral blameworthiness, and bear the brunt of a terrible disease. CMV
I don't think Philip Seymour Hoffman's death is much of a tragedy. CMV
The "share" feature will be the decline of Facebook. CMV.
I believe that a progressive tax system is the best tax system for the United States. CMV
Woody Allen’s relationship with Soon-Yi is between himself and her, and people who are publicly bashing them are no better than gay marriage opponents.
CMV parents who deliberately create a disabled child should be denied disability benefits
Hipsters and Nerds Are Not Necessarily Natural Allies. CMV.
I think Latin shouldn't be taught in schools. CMV
I don't think the last season of Dexter was that bad, CMV.
It would be wiser to disclose that I am an anarchist and believe strongly in jury nullification in a jury "qualification" forum. CMV
I'm a meat eater who believes that from a moral point of view, there's no justification for eating animals, and I should become a vegetarian. CMV.
I believe that the general population should be exposed to market electricity prices. CMV
There is little to no difference between Cadet programs and Child soldiers in Africa. CMV
I believe Schools do not have the purpose to raise kids. CMV.
I believe that the word "deserve" represents an awful concept and should never be used. CMV.
Since we will all die, I believe we should be able to choose the time and manner of our own death. CMV.
Africans have lower IQ. CMV
I think that deleting your Reddit account just because your SO know your username is a redflag CMV
Are is no difference between republican and democratic presidents CMV
Accountable and progressive single-party states are better than unaccountable and corrupt multi-party democracies. CMV.
I believe the conventional wedding of today's standards is the most harmful way to start a marriage. CMV
We need to psychologically castrate everybody CMV
I believe giving to the homeless occasionally is better for me than it is bad for them. CMV.
I believe government is unjust and Anarchy is the only way one can have their freedoms protected. CMV.
It's hypocritical to say children can't engage in sex, but then allow them (and possibly even push them) to change their gender.
NOBODY has total freedom of speech... and they shouldn't want to. CMV
In 2014 I earned $47k and paid over 20% of that income in taxes. I'm overtaxed, CMV.
I don't see any benefit in psychological analysis of dreams - CMV.
I think the Windows key on my keyboard is completely useless, CMV!
I am in favour of marriage equality, however i believe that marriage equality also includes the right to polygamy. CMV.
I don't think that an individual's assertion of his or her "gender identity" warrants any special credence or respect. CMV.
The benefit I get, or might get, from voting is not worth the time it takes me, individually, to do it. CMV
I believe Kellogg's should be hated for his founder's actions. CMV
I believe that all soldiers are heroes. [CMV]
"If men want to avoid being tricked into fatherhood, they shouldn't have sex with a woman they don't trust" - this popular statement seems like victim-blaming to me. CMV
Posting the result of a major sporting event within seconds of completion means you are a dick. CMV.
The minimum wage should be DECREASED cmv.
Ludology is a useless area of research and anyone who calls themselves a ludologist is either delusional or wasting their time. Please CMV.
A capybara would make a great house pet. CMV
CMV the purpose of society is not to provide a good quality of life for all individuals
The strive for knowledge has been shattered by the public education system. CMV.
CMV Welfare Can't Work In American Capitalist Society
This whole "warrior" mentality regarding American soldiers not only is bullshit, but, a naive and ultimately dangerous way of thinking. CMV Also, this "Wounded Warrior" project of seeking private donations to help injured servicemen/women is a disgrace to the country. CMV
"Pride" (Gay Pride, National Pride, School Pride; take your pick) is detrimental to the betterment of society.
It wouldn't be appropriate to automatically strike a young boy who tries to kiss me. CMV
I think CP should be decriminalized (at least partially), and punishing people for accessing certain information deemed immoral does not serve the public interest. CMV.
Having reproductive organs doesn't give you the right to breed. Reproduction should be regulated. CMV
The keystone pipeline is an awful idea CMV
Professional sports are completely trivial and people have no right to get as emotionally invested as they do.
CMV - Income inequality is a neutral economic measure.
Religion doesn't cause violence and intolerance, it merely provides a convenient outlet for bloodlust and prejudice that was already there. CMV
The Dollar must be replaced as the Global Reserve currency. CMV.
I think democracy should be open to more criticism; when the majority votes for something, it is not automatically the best outcome for society. CMV
I think that guns should be banned.
Early term abortions should be permitted because any woman who wants an abortion is able to induce a miscarriage easily (and unsafely!!!) using household herbal ingredients? CMV
I think that we should teach formal logic to very young kids in elementary schools before any math, or perhaps concurrently with elementary math. CMV.
I believe that, due to our evolutionary history, we, as a species, cannot help but do things such as discriminate and ostracize others CMV.
I believe internet based friendship is juvenile CMV.
I think the modern Olympics are, in general, a bad thing and should be abolished. CMV
I think seniors/people on wellfare should be limited in the use of public transport during rushhour CMV
I think that far too much compensation and leeway is given in the workplace to both pregnant women and those women who have young children. CMV.
I believe overweight people should be denied service at 'bad food' places. CMV
I believe that skepticism is the only reliable way to determine truth. CMV
I don't believe GMO is synonymous with crop domestication/selective breeding.
I think people on reddit are unreasonably hostile to business interests. CMV.
Anti-bully campaigns are detrimental to fixing the problem
I think that the new Superman/Batman movie is terribly cast and there is no way that it could be any good. CMV
I believe "baby boomers" had it incredibly easy and we (20-30 year olds) are now suffering as a result of their mistakes/advantage taking.
Procreation will become obsolete in the future, which will result in genetic stagnation and the elimination of all socially undesirable traits. Creating a race of genetically weak humans which will not only regress but probably spawn enormous unforeseen consequences CMV
CMV I believe that 'Up' is an overrated film and that 'The Secret of Kells' was robbed of the best animated picture oscar in 2009.
I believe that terrorism is still a relevant threat to America and the security measures in place are wholly necessary. CMV
I can't help but dislike rich kids for no reason other than the fact they are well-off. CMV.
What happened in this video goes much beyond "boys just being boys." This is the very definition of rape culture. CMV
Despite my view that some of the NSA spying is unacceptable, I think Edward Snowden should be tried for treason in the United States. CMV.
Amway,Vector,Vemma,Herbalife, and all companies alike should be illegal and are morally wrong. CMV
I don't think road salt should be used, or at least not nearly as much as it is. As much as 30 tons per lane per mile can be used. CMV.
Eliminating party identification on ballots would reduce voter turnout and improve public policy. CMV
I think NSF (return item fees) are completely unethical and are just small level extortion. CMV
The only thing the Tea Party stands for is a false since of victimization. CMV
Those who think faith in Jesus is necessary for salvation are cowards. I think their beliefs are sincere, but that they are held as a matter of fear and self-interest. CMV.
I think conspiracy theorists are paranoid people trying to find one (or more) villain(s) for their persecution fantasies. CMV.
I think crowdsourced investing is the future of startup businesses, not the current crowdsourced donation model. CMV
I don't think "supernaturalism" is even a coherent concept, let alone probably true. CMV
Sin taxes are immoral. In a free country, the goods a person buys should have no impact on the taxes they pay. CMV
I strongly support Israel and recognize their political right to have settlements there. CMV
I think marijuana dealers do not deserve any sympathy or rescinded sentences. CMV
I think a lot of criticisms of "popular opinions" on Reddit are circlejerks of confirmation bias and victimization complex. CMV
I believe that generally until you have tried something yourself, you have no right to judge it. CMV
I believe in vaccinations for children and things like polio, but I personally do not think I should get a flu vaccine every year. CMV
I don't believe love is necessary or sufficient for marriage - CMV
I think people who dismiss the entire genre of hip hop are probably racist. CMV
I think North Korean tourism is a great success from the point of view of North Korea. CMV
I think college is highly overrated and that the people of my country (USA) don't have their priorities in order. CMV
I don't "get" or respect arguments from a moral/ethical standpoint. CMV.
I think that most of the pranks Rémi Gaillard does are shitty and shameful, and he deserves none of the fame he has. CMV.
I think that no one should have reproductive rights CMV
the term "grammar nazi" is offensive, and counterproductive. CMV.
Either homosexuality is a clinically diagnosable disorder, gays are accepted in society and it does not cause distress to the individual, pedophilia is a sexual orientation, or DSM diagnostic criteria must exclude sexual orientation CMV.
I think Social Security is bankrupt and any claims that it is not are based on accounting fiction. CMV
I believe that there is no instance where incest is an acceptable option, either in terms of health or morals. CMV.
I think Google, especially w/ recent M&amp;A (e.g., Nest), is far too large and powerful. CMV.
I don't think Disney Princesses are a negative influence on children CMV.
I believe that abortion should be illegal if the mother willingly and knowingly engaged in the sexual activity that created the child. CMV.
I believe mandatory licensing of professions is harmful to both producers and consumers. CMV.
I am in love with someone who's not my husband. I think this means the end of my marriage. CMV
I believe that those with mental illnesses should not be allowed to own firearms CMV
CMV Morals have not improved over time but have simply changed like food preferences and clothing fashion
I do not find surrogacy inherently unethical CMV
I think forcing public school students to over-discuss diversity is counter productive and encourages discrimination in this era. CMV
I think that A Link to the Past is not worthy of the praise it receives. CMV.
Gambler's Fallacy still hold's credibility when dealing with statistics. CMV.
True altruism is impossible. CMV
Humans are at risk for an idiocracy-type future due to inevitable consequences of evolution. CMV
I think the generation of entitlement isn't real CMV.
Conceiving a child is always unethical because positive and negative morality are asymmetric. CMV.
I think Pedophilia is a sexual orientation, like homosexuality, and should not be subject to forced "treatment" when diagnosed. CMV
I appreciate the value of spending more for quality (eg /r/buyitforlife) and I have three watches I alternate daily, but I think luxury watches are a ridiculous waste of money, CMV
You can't possibly be "depressed" if you're happy in between. CMV
I think cloud storage, paricularly ones that automatically backup device/OS settings are too risky to take seriously CMV
I think that reading fiction and watching the movie adaptation of that book are equal. CMV
I think its immoral to be able to let people suffer because they can't afford medical insurance, but I also think its immoral to force people to pay for other's insurance. CMV
I think it's unreasonable to believe that prayer can change or help anyone other than the person doing the praying.CMV.
I support having a disproportionately large amount of the U.S. federal budget being dedicated to military/defense spending. CMV
Current USA gun control is at its core a form of class warfare, or at the very least, unfairly targets those in poverty (and even the middle class)
I believe that ownership is a meaningless and unhelpful concept. CMV
I want nothing to do with my parents. CMV. (Please.)
I think that teachers should have students discover information instead of handing it to them. CMV.
I believe that attempts to celebrate, acknowledge, and preserve different heritages is detrimental to society. CMV
I think that the Boy Scouts of America contradict their own oath and morals by refusing to tolerate atheists and homosexuals. CMV
Taking pro-choice a bit(a lot?) further CMV
The main character of "Death Note," Light Yagami, is a textbook villain, not an anti-hero. CMV.
I believe it is okay to lie in certain situations. CMV
I believe that people who think they are entitled to express views counter to their company's are justified in being fired. And anyone that disagrees with that is either self entitled, or a moron. CMV
I believe that the concept of "gay pride" is ridiculous
I believe life experience\knowledge asymmetry is a weak rationalization for the age of consent, which is rooted in misguided parental attempts to view their children as non-sexual, always lawful beings who should not have rights to use their own body and mind in a way they choose. CMV
There is no objective reality. (Even if there is, the reality I see is not the "true" reality.) CMV.
"No" doesn't always mean "No". CMV.
I don't think iOS is as fun or useful as Android. CMV.
I can't help but feel like my longings for friendship, romance, sex, and intimacy are unnatural, immoral, and frivolous. PLEASE CMV.
CMV I think that randomly selecting our political representatives would be a superior system of democracy.
I think the GOP is stuck on the wrong side of history. CMV.
I believe the USA should split into smaller countries. CMV
I believe that pirating e-books is not much different than borrowing books from the public library. CMV
I think the wage gap is due to each gender's decisions rather than overt sexism.
I genuinely hate America, CMV. (I'll try to keep this as non circle-jerky as possible)
The 8 year old who saved his family from a fire is a hero. However, I don't think he should be glorified.
I don't feel proud of anything- my country, language, culture, believes. CMV
I think for professional, educated and ambitious twenty-somethings, the balance of discrimination is not necessary against female nowadays. CMV
Willingly giving birth to a human being with a prenatally detected birth defect is a "crime against humanity". CMV
CMV Health care should reallocate money from treatment to prevention and cure
I believe that it is fully possible for me to support womens' right to choose abortion, while at the same time prefering to only have romantic relationships with women who would NOT make that choice. -CMV?
I truly believe that a young child should be cared for by their parent and not a daycare, CMV
I believe that in the United States, Supreme Court Justices and other "lifetime appointments" should only be allowed to serve for 12 years. CMV
I think we should disarm Canadian police. CMV
I believe talking to a doctor/counselor about my eating disorder would cause more harm than good. CMV.
I believe in 90s technoutopian visions of world peace arising from our networked future. I'm just not sure we're actually on a network like they assumed.
I believe that curling is not a legitimate sport, and should be removed from the Olympics. CMV.
Reddit's voting system discourages dissent CMV
I think its stupid to put all of our effort into anti-cyber bullying when the simple solution is to turn the computer off. CMV.
Chaos theory is a cop out. CMV
I believe that many low-income families will face a huge tax burden as a consequence of Obamacare. CMV
The Shuttle program should've been canceled after Challenger. CMV
You should not go to college until you are ready to declare your major. CMV
I think long term unemployment should be treated like an illness CMV
The category error is the most ontologically fundamental error of analysis. The category error encompasses and supersedes every single error. CMV.
Abortion is fucked up
I think Jennifer Lawrence is overrated. (I'm a male)
I think most people don't understand what having a child actually means - I also think that negative utilitarianism naturally gives rise to antinatalism CMV
CMV that bitcoin is a flash in the pan and in 5 years we will all laugh at the people who used them.
I hate most rap/hip-hop music and I don't think it's really music. CMV
Is it wrong to find mentally challenged people funny or feel they have comedic timing?
Public sector unions should not exist. CMV
Cyclists are fully entitled to share the road with motor vehicles, but they should be held accountable for all traffic violations committed when on public roads. CMV
Gender policing serves no useful purpose in today's society. CMV
I've suffered from cancer and don't think it's morally right for me to reproduce because of it. CMV.
I care about sustainability, but I think recycling paper is a waste of energy and resources. CMV
Cups are terrible forms of measurement. CMV
I believe Nassim Nicholas Taleb, author of The Black Swan and Antifragile is one of the most influential thinkers of our time. CMV.
People who have suffered from CLEARLY treatment-resistant depression for a long period of time should have the right to commit suicide, CMV
We have no free will and everything that happens could be represented by a mathematical function.
I'm opposed to putting pets down when they're old and sick. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with reposts on Reddit. CMV.
The Selective Service System is a waste of money. CMV (United States)
I believe that any person in or running for public office no longer has a right to privacy, and as such all information on that person should be publicly available. CMV.
I believe it is unfair to attempt to objectively state that a group you are in is worse off than another group. CMV
I'm a bleeding heart vegan, and I want to start carrying a concealed weapon. CMV.
CMV Why does humane treatment matter for animals destined for slaughter?
Neckbeard is just another way to say "Nerd" without losing "nerd cred." CMV
I don't believe that there can be an ultimate purpose to anything. CMV.
I believe that people who receive government assistance should be banned from the purchase of alcohol, tobacco and other "sin" items CMV.
If it is acceptable to teach your children to be religious, then it is acceptable to teach them to be racist. CMV
Rape culture in European Universities is a myth CMV
The idea that society finds female promiscuity less acceptable is misleading, its a result of the lack of understanding and underestimation/ overestimation of both sexes libido and sexuality. CMV
The Grammys are a sham. CMV.
I don't like Daft Punk, and I don't understand why so many people do. CMV
I think "person of color" is no better a term to describe a human than any other 'politically correct' term...
I think watching the SuperBowl is a colossal waste of time. CMV
Tipping is supposed to be voluntary and for exceptional customer service. Expecting or mandating tipping is rude and detrimental to customers and employees alike. CMV
I think that IQ tests are a valid measure of intelligence and people who say they are not simply didn't do well on them. CMV
I think that the ace should be able to the be middle card in a straight in the game of poker. CMV
i believe that women who would end a relationship if their partner asked for a paternity test are cheaters or potential cheaters. CMV.
I think that transsexuality should be treated as a mental illness.
I think parts of black culture are degenerate and, when taken as a whole, is inferior to mainstream culture. CMV
I believe that the majority of Americans do not care about home politics, and instead would rather care about entertainment media. Please CMV.
I see no reason why the notion that killing is immoral because it deprives people of future life shouldn't also apply to not yet existing people as well. CMV.
The "Knockout Game" phenomenon is nothing more than a moral panic resulting from poor journalism, and will likely result in copycats attempting to replicate a fictitious narrative
I believe that in competitive gaming, there is no such thing as "cheap", "lame", or "unfair" strategies, and that you should do what you can to win. CMV
I feel that relationships, in a long enough timeline, inevitably bring heartbreak and misery. Marriage, and finding your One True Love is an unrealistic Status Quo. CMV. Please.
In a world where super heroes exist, i believe any damage done to infrastructure and all the deaths from said damage are justified. CMV
I don't believe that anyone can subscribe to a hard-line "abortion is murder" view without being morally obligated to take illegal action to prevent abortions CMV.
I believe that women, as a result of having less incentive to be competent and interesting than men, tend to be less competent and interesting than men. CMV.
I believe "nice guys" are more sexist than jerks who emotionally manipulate women. CMV
I believe that abortion should be 100% legal. CMV
I think the word "queer" should be considered offensive CMV
I don't want abortion to be safe; CMV.
I think the current food assistance program in the US (Food Stamps) does not need reform CMV.
I don't think high schools should have "required graduation credits" such as foreign language or certain maths. CMV.
If you consider yourself "pro-science," then you should be for multiple types of governments. CMV
I think the glee that late night shows take in mocking Justin Bieber is kind of sick, even though it clearly delivers ratings. CMV
I do not think it is sexist or chauvinistic of me to expect my wife to handle the housework as long as I am the only one with a job. CMV
I don't believe that those inflicted with cancer are brave in any sense, simply unfortunate. please, CMV.
I believe there is no good reason - other than vanity and narcissism - that an infertile couple should opt for IVF over adoption. Please CMV.
I believe infantile circumcision is wrong in almost all cases, and hence should be illegal. CMV
I think female tennis players should have to play 5 sets in Grand Slams.
I don't believe that the basic income could work
I don't think driving stoned is as bad as driving drunk. cmv.
The US is headed for a dystopian society. CMV.
I have an irrational fear of guns and don't ever want to touch one. CMV
I believe now would be a terrible time to immigrate to the U.S. CMV
I think that the only diffrence between a relationship and friends is sex. CMV
I do not think it ever okay for my husband to drive high (or after smoking) because of the possible shit storm that would rain down on us, were it to happened he gets pulled over. CMV
I believe racism towards white people does exist, not as "reverse racism" but simply as racism. Please, CMV.
I think a rapist should know if he contracted an STD from his victims.
I do not see any good reason why America, Canada and Western Europe should care so much about Israel and Palestine CMV
I think that "I was just following orders" is a perfectly valid reason for a person to be pardoned in a war tribunal scenario. CMV
I believe we owe plentakill an apology. CMV
Women playing in Mens' sports leagues is sexist. CMV
I believe every school should have multiple armed guards. CMV.
I believe the European niqab ban is ridiculous and should be scrapped. CMV
I think that current gen/modern consoles and videogames are much better than older (retro) systems, and that anyone who says otherwise is just a hipster. CMV
The internet is losing it's freedom CMV
I think Ignorance of the Law Should be a Valid Defence
I don't think Israel has any grounds for being a country other than religious reasons. CMV.
I believe extra time for those students with "learning difficulties" is absurd and should be banned. CMV
Reddit is a huge and addictive waste of time, and I will be shuttering my access to it unless someone CMV
I believe that animal cruelty should be legalize and offenders shouldn't be held accountable for their actions. CMV
I believe that hitting your children is a good form of punishment when they do something wrong. CMV
I believe that woman should stay in the kitchen and take care of the children while the men work.CMV
I believe that if you don't believe in contraceptives because they are not natural, then you should also not believe in infertility treatments. CMV
Employees and employers are not a team in a meaningful sense of the word and 'teamspeak' is used by employers to manipulate employees. CMV.
I do not think the objectification of women is a bad thing. CMV
There is absolutely no reason to make my bed if nobody else is coming over. CMV
Life ends so quickly and we're expected to get it right first time, so there's really no point in living. CMV.
I believe suicide should be legal CMV
I think forcing kids to read classic novels in high school is counterproductive and turns people off reading again in the future. CMV.
I don't think everyone should be able to vote and think that a test should be required, CMV.
I think the accepting of having psychological illnesses is harmful. For example someone who says "I have adhd," is only adding the harm to themselves, CMV.
I think that right now, inflation would be very good for most Americans. CMV.
CMV Gay rights are a media circus to distract liberals from environmentalism and financial reforms.
I think that Edward Snowden can get a fair trial in the US, CMV
i do not accept the existence of any sort of god(s) and think religion (Christianity in this case) has caused far more harm and evil then good CMV
I see no problem with the current wealth inequality in the USA. CMV.
I believe that downvoting on Reddit does more harm than good. CMV
CMV - Growing income inequality in the US and maybe other countries is mainly the result of increased globalization
I believe that by pursuing a degree in theatre, and a career in acting, I am condemning myself to poverty. CMV
[CMV] I see no problem with the whaling going on the Faroe Islands.
Anti-rural bigotry is the only thing preventing widescale adoption of the word "y'all". CMV
I belive commercials and other marketing influences should take full responsibility for diseases of affluence, like anorexia and bulimia. CMV
I don't believe straight women really love men. CMV.
I believe there is nothing wrong in cherry picking out of religions/texts, and it should rather be encouraged in the positive direction. CMV
CMV - I believe in Jury Nullification in that not only is a person on trial, but also the law that's being used against that person in that instance.
I believe "thug" is the 21st Century way to say N****R. CMV.
I believe tips should be limited to delivery drivers and wait staff at restaurants. CMV
I think White Privilege trumps Cis-Male Privilege. CMV
I think it's hypocritical, in a world where smoking is legal, that wearing your seatbelt is a law. CMV.
I believe Al Jazeera is one of, if not the most, accurate and unbiased mainstream news outlets currently producing material. CMV.
Exclusive religions - mainly monotheistic ones - are bad for society because they see others as ignorant instead of just different, CMV
I believe that bottled water is bad for the environment. CMV
America is not a police state
Columbus discovered America. CMV
Sometimes, its hard to sympathize, even when I know I should. CMV
I believe that people who didn't use protection and who caught HIV/AIDS were playing with fire and should not receive as much sympathy as people are inclined to give. CMV.
I don't believe charitable donations should be tax-free. CMV
I love Google. CMV.
I think Hillary Clinton should not be the next US President. CMV.
I believe convenience fees are merely bullshit and should be downright illegal. CMV
I believe that censoring profanities on the radio and on television is pointless. CMV
I think inheritance is immoral and should be scrapped or severely restricted. CMV
I believe that drag performers are participating in the equivalent of blackface/minstrel shows for transgender individuals. CMV.
I think The World's End was by far the worst out of the cornetto trilogy. CMV
I believe that fracking in the UK is a necessity for the short term and protesters are deluded. CMV
I think labelling racist, fascist, violent, nationalistic groups as politically "Far Right" is an unjustified calculated smear on the actual political right wing. CMV.
I believe the majority of 'good' photography is a combination of good equipment and being at the right place at the right time. CMV
I believe the age of consent is arbitrary. CMV
Dead people have no rights. CMV.
GA /GM food is great CMV
I don't think i should go to college. Please CMV.
Schooling should be non - compulsory. CMV.
"Bait Car" sting operations do nothing but create crimes. CMV
I believe that, as an able-bodied American woman, in the event of a war, I should have just as much chance at being drafted as a man. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with a man being a stay at home Dad. CMV
Organ donoring should be opt-out, not opt-in. CMV
[CMV] I am frightened for the safety of all the people at the Sochi Olympics
I Don't Think Media Piracy is Morally Justifiable- Please, Please CMV
I think getting off to porn while in a relationship is a form of cheating. CMV
I don't think aquaculture is a good solution to overfishing. CMV
I believe that a minor should have parental consent or at least parental knowledge before having an abortion. CMV
I hate that my country can, in principle, send me to fight for something I don't believe in and, with uncomfortably high probability, ruin my life. CMV
I can't see any health benefits to changing my diet CMV
I think the exam based system we use sets up a bad precedent. CMV.
I don't think psychology really works beyond providing a verbal outlet or placebo effect. CMV
I think that today's popular music is made for musically illiterate people who don't realize how repetitive and shallow it is. CMV
I believe that human beings don't need intimate relationships. CMV.
There is no valid reason for laws that prohibit the purchase of liquor between certain hours or on specific days. CMV.
I really don't think that receiving lewd/creepy messages on social media/dating sights is as horrifying as women make it out to be. CMV.
I believe a third world war in inevitable. CMV
I met a girl who I was attracted to almost instantly, both physically and emotionally. I have just found out she is very religious (I'm atheist), and this has devastated me. CMV on the situation?
When I buy tickets online, I should not be charged to print them myself. CMV
The criticism of the Japanese dolphin hunt by the United States is hypocritical and ridiculous. CMV
Humanities degrees will land you in poverty due to lack of skills. CMV
I don't see any reason minors shouldn't be allowed to drive. CMV.
I believe that happiness is largely a function of managing expectations. CMV
I believe the general good mannered etiquette/politeness found in the retail and customer service industry is mostly disingenuous and unnecessary CMV
Global "gender equality" oriented organizations frame arguments such that girls &amp; women are unjustly seen to be the group in most need of assistance.
The Singularity has already occurred. CMV
Canada &amp; the United States will never see any real revolution. CMV
I believe to buy a gun one must receive a license by taken a written and field exam similar to that of obtaining a driver's license. CMV
The JC Penney's fair pricing failure shows consumers do not make rational market choices. CMV
I believe that all private insurance is essentially gambling and should be discouraged. CMV
I think the likes of Malala Yousafzai are not admirable or role models in any way. CMV.
I think the NCAA preventing players from being paid is a form of collusion that would not be tolerated in any other industry. CMV
I believe infidelity is only wrong if you get caught. CMV.
I currently don't believe in universal healthcare. CMV.
I believe demonstrating against policy of the European Union is useless. CMV
CMV - I believe sex specific schools would greatly improve students grades and schooling.
I am a determinist. CMV.
I believe that TRP is the social equivalent of fascism, and that while some TRPers may not be politically far-right, TRP should be regarded as a far-right ideology. CMV.
Make Me Love Math... Or, At Least Algebra. Signed, A Nerdy High School Guy Who Feels Less Smart Because Of His Hatred For Equations.
I think that more controversial and 'philosophical' questions are to be taught in all schooling, not just university. CMV
I believe that ANY material that causes us to be more wary of oppression is important. CMV.
Simply living in a first world country should not warrant innate gratitude. CMV
I recently discovered that the way I have come to view the world is through the eyes of a nihilist, please, CMV.
I think that the United States should not have dropped the Atomic Bombs on Japan. CMV.
I think Elder Scrolls Online's subscription based policy is terrible, and people should boycott Zenimax; CMV.
I believe that it is okay for a developmentally disabled person to engage in sexual activity as long as the other party is consenting. CMV
I believe that there should be a form of affirmative action for academics that is based on (conservative) political views CMV
I think that Square Enix was foolish to, 1: Release 5 Kingdom Hearts games exclusively on mobile platforms. 2: Wait 10+ years to release KH3. 3: Not release KH3 on the PS3. CMV.
I think that the subreddits that try to cause an emotional reaction (/r/Rage; /r/ShitRedditSays; /r/JusticePorn; etc) are childish. CMV.
Texting is no more dangerous than most other distracted driving actions. Passing laws that specifically and exclusively ban texting while driving is asinine [cmv]
I believe that in order to help combat poor parenting that is raising a generation of self-entitled assholes, a year of mandatory federal service should be imposed on all 18 year olds. CMV
I believe that affirmative action when applying to college is inherently racist. CMV.
Cyclists belong on the road, CMV
I am against Martin Luther King Day…CMV
I believe that I as a male am entitled to the custody over my child. CMV
I think a woman touching a guy's butt/chest is as inappropriate as it'd be vice versa. CMV.
I do not believe that the IT (Information Technology) industry is a profession. CMV
I believe that sales are a better judge of music's quality than any critic. CMV
I do not think Richard Sherman's interview was bad. I think it was entertaining and more players should be like that. CMV
I think Goodwill's wages for the disabled are okay. CMV.
I think that the civilian who shot the robber in this video was unjustified in his actions. CMV.
I believe women and girl are completely justified in hating men and boys, and arguably should. CMV.
CMV A man who fathered a child should not be forced to pay child support.
I find the moral questions about eating meat funny. Please CMV.
I believe that prison gang members harm rehabilitation objectives and should be dealt with differently. Please CMV
I think prostitution is fundamentally exploitative and wrong. CMV.
I believe that the information in the universes of movies and video game franchises should only be considered canon if it is stated within the context of the original work. CMV
I think Hollywood has lost all creativity and is just now greedy as can be, CMV
I think talking about a rape victim's circumstances is productive for examining how to lower the risk of rape. CMV.
the 2nd amendment is outdated and should be done away with. CMV
I believe that loyalty to people (such as friends or partners) or sports teams is irrational. CMV.
I believe there is no need for GMO's to be labeled. CMV
CMV I think that fetus that are seriously retarded should be aborted.
I think there is no problem having vending machines in high schools. In fact, I think it's a great idea. CMV
I went from stocking shelves in a grocery store to programmer in &lt; 1 year, so I believe that the minimum wage is just fine and people would rather complain than put in effort. CMV.
CMV Only wealthy people should be having children
I have no faith in humanity and believe it is doomed to destroy itself or bring destruction to the universe. CMV.
It makes sence for schools and media to be hetero normative since most of the population is hetero. CMV
I believe facial hair should be allowed in schools. CMV.
CMV I think monetary punishment should be scaled to your income level.
I think that there is nothing wrong with governments keeping an eye on their citizens (e.g. the NSA). CMV.
I don't believe businesses and corporations should be allowed to take political stances. CMV
Rage comics are not funny. CMV
Arguments that laws that make people more safe (DUI laws, Statutory Rape etc) also make people more free are intellectually dishonest. CMV.
I believe that the mortgage crisis in the US basically disproves the free-market Capitalism ideology that conservatives so ardently espouse, CMV
[CMV] Places like little china or little italy are not a form a social segregation but a natural process of people moving to a new country.
I think that eliminating net neutrality would be fine. CMV
I think political satire is dangerous in that it generalizes politics and arguments instead of actually debating them. CMV.
I believe that adding not so private personal details like address, phone number, email address to my public facebook profile is not harmful for a *normal* person - CMV
I think Twitter is a horrible medium that's kept alive by corporations that feel forced into using it and the world would be better without it. CMV.
I believe there wouldn't be a financial crisis right now if multinational corporations had not been avoiding to pay profit taxes to their governments. CMV
Social skills are more important than academic performance. CMV
Assuming you support trans* rights, there's no reason not to also support Otherkin and BIID. CMV.
I believe that there is nothing wrong with letting teenager boys watch porn CMV
I believe "gun free zones" server no purpose and give people a false sense of security, CMV
I think private corporations should be held to the standard of protecting individuals rights CMV
I believe law enforcement officials should be held to a higher standard than ordinary citizens. CMV
Using a 'throwaway' account to post troll-ish comments on reddit is lame
CMV - There is no good reason to use Steam OS.
I think the new "P5 Group" is good for college football. CMV
"Proper grammar" is unimportant. CMV
I don't think that evolution while on earth can explain how we are here now... CMV
Modern society and laws exist without consent because of a lack of alternative scenarios in which one can live self-sufficiently without assimilating, this makes us all at least temporary and limited slaves at one point in our lives, thereby making modern society unjust CMV.
CMV - "Hard Drugs" Should Never be Legal.
The Call of Duty franchise is spiraling downhill and there's nothing that can be done to restore it to it's original glory. CMV
I believe that all institutionalized education is inherently capitalist. CMV
I am an American who thinks American Football is uninteresting and tedious. CMV
I believe that a lot of people in general are ignorant of art, and they would learn to enjoy it if they put some thought into it. CMV.
I believe NFL stadiums should have decibel limits. CMV
I have no empathy or sympathy for people who kill or seriously injure themselves while partaking in a crime or other illegal conduct. CMV
I believe the value of a human life is infinitely higher than that of an animal, and humans and animals ought to be compared. CMV.
I think the military shouldn't exist. CMV
I believe that piracy, ignoring any effect that it may have on developers/producers/etc, ultimately detracts from society. CMV
I believe that a public school system is the only acceptable way for education to be provided for kids K-12 and that a market-based education system for K-12 is bad. CMV.
Unless I urinate on my hand(s) [not to imply that I often do], I don't feel it's necessary to wash my hands. CMV.
The American "bipartisan system" is a deficient arrangement that does not (efficiently) coincide with our democratic foundation. CMV.
I think the US should follow the Chinese example and use the military for more public works projects and to build/maintain roads. [CMV]
I believe that men (and women) who masturbate to porn while they are in monogamous relationships should feel guilt. CMV
I believe we should abolish the letter C, CMV.
I think the most sensical argument AGAINST vaccinations concerns pharmaceutical profiting at the expense of human health. CMV
The Shawshank Redemption is a mediocre film. CMV.
I own a male kitten and have yet to get him fixed. CMV
I believe raising the minimum wage will ultimately end up hurting the working poor. CMV.
I think that serious relationships are ultimately a waste of time and that there is no such thing as "true love." CMV
Online debates are the best medium and should be used extensively for political debates. CMV
I don't think that ideas based on critical theory and historical analysis are worthy of serious consideration for policy makers. CMV.
I think "privilege" is a matter of perception that can be applied to all genders, races, body types, etc. CMV.
What constitutes cinematography needs to be divided into two categories ("classic" and "digital") for the purposes of competitions/awards. CMV.
I think it's better to dismiss odd symptoms than be paranoid about your health all the time. CMV
CMV increase employment by prohibiting non-paid work
Veterinarians who consume animal products are hypocrites. CMV.
I was not vaccinated as a baby, and I'm considering not vaccinating my future children. CMV
I don't see what's wrong about Social Darwinism. CMV
I view human nature as inherently disrespectful and objectifying, CMV.
I believe that there is no logical argument for the protection of endangered species unless they significantly contribute to the ecosystem. CMV
I believe that people who use the term "gay" to describe something undesirable are speaking hate speech. CMV.
I think that "Asperger's syndrome" isn't a real mental illness, but rather simply a personality quirk that has been wrongfully medicalized -- and that it's hurting the people "diagnosed" with it. CMV
I don't think software should have to be open source. I think the movement to coerce companies to do so is foolish and selfish (or the shaming of companies who keep their stuff closed-source). CMV
I think its wrong to lie about being a virgin in order to obtain a marriage. CMV
First-Past-the-Post voting stifles democracy and should be replaced with Mixed Member Proportional. CMV.
I believe that the use of company names should not be subject to copyright laws. CMV!
I believe that it isn't The Walt Disney Animation Studios' job to expose your children to different cultures nor is it their concern. CMV.
I don't think gun control is effective in any meaningful way. CMV
I believe that Global Warming, while real, is not an important issue. CMV
I think that the fake realities within video games, books, and TV shows are more interesting than actual reality CMV
If libraries did not exist in the US, any proposal to create a free, publicly funded, book rental entity would crushed by publisher lobbyists. CMV
Fox News is the Conservative equivalent of any other Liberal "Mainstream Media" news outlets: they are all equally biased towards their own political interpretation of events thus will spin stories through the filter of that bias. [CMV]
I don't believe we will ever have full gender equality until we have the option of procreating in a test tube. CMV
For the Academy Awards, I disagree with the current rule that sequels automatically fall under the "Adapted Screenplay" category. CMV.
I believe /r/circlejerk has become what it pretends to mock, and a poisonous force for silencing discourse besides. CMV.
I see nothing wrong or immoral with having to pay for healthcare. CMV
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows" was an embarrassment of a book. CMV.
I think the Internet or Internet infrastructure should be partially nationalized. CMV
[META] How to make a good argument and be more persuasive
I feel like the focus on dressing "appropriately" or something similar to mitigate sexual assault and rape doesn't address the issue correctly because it attacks causality instead of culpability. CMV.
I believe that music has lost its touch with the inclusion of a lot of electronic influence. I feel that music is no longer about good lyrics and beautifully orchestrated instruments but more about hyped up beats and repetitive sentences. [CMV]
I have a single (negative) story of Latin and South America based on personal experiences. CMV
I think marriage is completely pointless beyond the who 'no pre-marital sex' thing. CMV
I find the Harry Potter books/films to be inaccessible and uninteresting. CMV
The feminist community inflates what I consider to be trivial needs of trans* people, CMV
I believe that people who back or even tacitly accept the NSA's program of spying on every American are themselves unworthy of living in the US of A and should be stripped of their citizenship and deported immediately. CMV
I've never used a search engine that isn't Google (like Yahoo or Bing) and see no reason to. CMV
I believe NSA should not be blamed for the recent spying scandals. CMV
I believe the firefighting is the manliest, most heroic and most respectable profession, CMV
League of Legends (or DOTA2) are shitty, practically skill-less games of memorization and shitty people, CMV.
My cats fight way too much, they could get hurt, or at minimum feel anxiety about all the fighting. It's not healthy. CMV
I don't think that people tried and acquited of sexual assault or rape have any especial right to keep it secret that they were accused. CMV
I think attributing odd occurrences in space to evidence for a parallel universe is science's equivalent to early cultures attributing the rain to gods. CMV
I think college athletes should get paid to compete in lieu of scholarships. CMV.
I think lesser of J.K. Rowling as an author for vindicating and making a hero out of Severus Snape. CMV
90% of self described "introverts" are just self absorbed children who have no social skills because they've spent the last decade texting. CMV.
I believe the numbers on the analog clock face are in the wrong positions. CMV.
I believe that in a bar, I shouldn't have to move for people playing pool. CMV
I believe that if the people have a right to privacy so should the government. CMV
I think mandating paid maternity leave is an absurd concept. CMV?
I believe that Edward Snowden is a traitor. CMV
I believe that public school teachers in the U.S. should make double to triple their average salary. A large portion of the money for this should be taken from the federal defense budget. CMV
CMV. I am a student who regularly takes a cocktail of anti-depressants, mood-stabilizers, and ADHD medicines, and it works great for me and has for years. Change my view.
When watching the paralympics i came to the realisation that a huge amount of people who claim they cannot work because of disability are wrong. CMV
A person is not entirely responsible for their obesity. CMV.
The three main political parties of Britain all support the same political ideology and as a result there is no real reason for me to vote for any of them CMV.
I do not believe that "umami," the supposed fifth taste, exists. CMV
I don't think texting while driving is necessarily dangerous. CMV
I believe that, in general, rap music requires significantly less talent to make than most other genres. CMV
I believe that in the United States any peaceful protest is guaranteed to cause no effective change in governmental policy. CMV
Life has no significant meaning. CMV
I believe that we have far more to fear from unchecked private interests than we do our current government, however corruptible. CMV
Palestinian organizations and individuals should fully stop campaigning (politically or otherwise) for independent statehood, and should instead focus their efforts on campaigning for full Israeli citizenship. CMV.
I believe abortion should be legalised worldwide. CMV
I am a man who believes women should be treated as equals. r/theredpill, r/mensrights, and r/seduction, CMV.
I believe that businesses should never be publicly traded. CMV
The US Department of Justice is corrupt.
Cities should strictly limit the number of cars allowed inside it's boundaries. CMV
I believe some sort of mass uprising or march on Washington is the only plausible solution to wealth / income inequality in the US. CMV!
Kosher grocers should be required to sell non-kosher foods. CMV
Statistics are meaningless to me. CMV.
I believe the world is moving towards fewer actual printed newspapers and journals and eventually to all digital subscription. To get people used to this, why are digital subscriptions so expensive, and not free, when an entire new generation of newsreaders is being born? CMV.
I think deforestation is a good thing .CMV
I don't believe that different strains of pot have significantly different effects like "up" or "down". CMV.
I believe that Mac computers are better than Windows. CMV.
I believe, in the right context and with the right audience, anything is OK to joke about. CMV.
I do not believe the US government bears responsibility for the death of Aaron Swartz. CMV
I believe that mankind is inherently vindictive, greedy, selfish, and solitary. CMV.
I think that the friend zone is exploitation of the man. CMV
American football is only as popular as it is because it is in broadcasters' financial interest to keep the sport extremely popular. CMV
I believe rallies and marches are useless. CMV
I believe it is extremely offensive to call another culture's food disgusting, CMV.
I believe murder is justifiable if there are no possible negative effects on society. CMV
I think Skyfall was a highly overrated movie and had a very bad plot. CMV.
I think Reddit's upvote-downvote system is inherently flawed and brings only the Rule of the Dedicated Mob. CMV
I don't think it's ever acceptable to donate to animal charities/shelters. CMV.
I am morally unable to accept marijuana, CMV
CeCe McDonald deserved the prison time, and is only being defended because of her gender , please CMV
I believe that AMD FX processors are better for gaming than Intel i5-i7 processors. CMV
I believe that Moral Relativism leaves one with no moral justification for punishing rape or murder. CMV
Banning assault rifles does little but take freedoms from law-abiders while making it easier for some future despot or criminal element to frighten the populace. CMV.
All movie/television/game ratings should be replaced with age minimums. CMV
The Twin-Nested Hierarchy requires circular logic to conclude that it is evidence of Universal Common Descent
I think that the mass factory exploitation of animals is downright sadistic and should be changed immediately. CMV.
I believe the best starting Pokemon was Squirtle. (Of the original 3) CMV
I think private prisons are horrible places. CMV
Evolution Is Not A Certain As Gravity
Over the last 30 years, Democrats are just as culpable for income inequality as Republicans. CMV.
There is no such thing as a "waste of time" - CMV
TCMV Tuesday - 01/14/14
I believe the unwillingness to date other races is not a "personal preference", but is racist/prejudice. CMV
Our society puts too much emphasis on work. CMV
I think backlit keyboards are foolish, and most of the people who use them are foolish as well. CMV
I believe we're on the precipice of a dystopia. PLEASE CMV.
I believe limiting individuals serving in US federal government positions to one term would be beneficial, CMV.
I believe that Feminism is outdated in the United States-CMV.
I think the 'Boston Strong' slogan is a marketing campaign designed to make money, rather than promote solidarity. CMV
I think that, in general, humans are unable to feel empathy towards minorities. CMV
I believe that we should have a 'Reverse Boot Camp' when veterans return from active duty, in order to better transition them back into society. CMV
I think that people who eat Asian food with chopsticks in Western countries do that to show off. CMV
Psychiatric help just eradicates personal accountability for ones self and their problems, and has no real benefits. CMV
I believe that almost all of the beautiful/funny/Cool Pictures I see online are photoshopped and are not as good as they seem. CMV
Tattoos Are For The Spectators, Not For The Canvas. CMV
I believe that only boys should serve as ball fetchers in tennis games. CMV
I think mothers who intentionally gave birth without drugs did it for ego/bragging rights CMV.
I honestly don't think kids should learn more than basic arithmetic such as adding and multiplying etc. unless they plan to become mathematicians. CMV?
vegetarians are a poor mans vegan
I believe that we can change american school's by allowing students to evaulate their teachers, CMV
The argument "If you don't like it, leave" holds when it comes to the internet.
After regaining my ability to dream, I think dreams are a waste of time... CMV please.
Vegas cassinos are uninteresting and depressing, CMV
I believe that "poor black family" sitcoms like Diff'rent Strokes, Good Times, and in some ways The Jeffersons were intentional efforts at calming growing possibilities of class warfare. CMV.
I dont think the cult classics Monty Python and the Holy Grail and Pulp Fiction are anything amazing. CMV
I find girls that are even slightly overweight unattractive. CMV
I believe male circumcision is NOT genital mutilation
I believe people should be required to have licenses to possess pets like dogs and cats. CMV
I feel like education should be an option instead of a requirement, CMV.
I believe that regardless of circumstances, nobody should ever be denied a job because of their religious attire. CMV
Battlefield: Bad Company 2 is the pinnacle of Modern Military Shooters. CMV.
I think that belief in God, the afterlife, and religion in general is nothing more than a coping mechanism. CMV.
I think Boba Fett from the Star Wars movies is a talentless hack that doesn't deserve half the praise he gets. CMV
for practical reasons governments can't ban bitcoin, even if they wanted to. CMV
I believe that religion has done more harm than good.
I feel that by coddling people with irrational phobias we do more harm than good, CMV.
I think the stigma on smartphones in the classroom should be lifted. CMV
I think you can only be proud of something that YOU have achieved or help achieve. CMV
I believe the 1947 Partition between India and Pakistan (and Bangladesh) shouldn't have happened. CMV.
I believe school administrations have no business interfering with student activities, particularly with respect to fraternities and sororities, when they aren't detrimental to people who aren't participating. CMV
I believe that all the war criminals of the 1971 Liberation War of Bangladesh deserve a death sentence.
I think that banning downvote brigades from ShitRedditSays is actively harmful to this site. CMV
I don't think that TSA agents picking out Muslims is a racist thing to do. CMV
I believe humans do not have to worry about the suffering of other animals when it comes to animal testing or food because we are human and they are not. CMV.
It's ok for conservatives not to care what happens to the poor. CMV
I feel that the European Union is inherently a good thing, and believe that all countries with Union should unite and become a sovereign nation, similar to the USA, please CMV
AskHistorians Needs to Relax About Repeat Questions and Broad Questions, CMV
Art should not be taught in schools. CMV
State and municipal governments shouldn't be allowed to give subsidies/incentives to corporations CMV
Society has become so desensitized to drunk and buzzed driving that it has become a perfectly acceptable activity. CMV
I think all drugs should be legal. CMV.
I think if you're aware of how the animals are treated to produce meat for the stores but continues to consume it, you're a horrible person. CMV.
Polyglots (people who can masterfully speak multiple languages) are useless and will be completely irrelevant in 20 years CMV
I believe that sexual assault safety posters are no different from any other cautionary sign. CMV
Eugenics is fundamentally flawed (and can inevitably only end in our end) because of duality. CMV
I'm disappointed by feminists. CMV
X-Men First Class, while on the surface a superhero parable about minority experience, was surprisingly racist and misogynistic.
I believe that technocracy is the best form of government. CMV.
I think American cities are the most visually attractive and photogenic cities in the world. [CMV]
I believe NFL players should be allowed to sign a waiver forfeiting their right to sue in the event of long term brain damage, allowing them to compete immediately following an in-game concussion. CMV.
Using double negatives when stating a viewpoint confuses the issue, CMV.
I believe abortion should only be allowed in cases of threat to a woman's life (including suicide), or if the foetus has a fatal foetal abnormality. CMV.
I believe that, in marriage, any arrangement other than 'all money is our money' is completely unfair and unjustified, CMV.
Why shouldn't being transgendered (GID) be viewed as a mental disorder like BIID or Xenomelia. And why should it to be up for politicians to decide rather than medical professionals? CMV
I believe that adding Representatives to the House is long overdue and should be one of the top priorities of Congress. CMV
I don't think that "addiction to technology" is a bad thing. CMV.
I think most of today's mainstream music is not really music. CMV
I think that people who are for a continuation of the war on drugs should also be for reintroducing alcohol prohibition
I believe that "alternative medicines" and treatments are useless. CMV
I am a free software nut. Please CMV
Students who are ill with a contagious illness should not come to school. CMV.
If campaigns and their funding trick voters into voting for someone they wouldn't normally vote for then we must assume that all forms of advertising and their funding trick consumers into buying products and services they normally wouldn't buy. CMV.
US Politics: I believe that all the politics that you and I observe is simply kabuki theater. CMV.
I've only heard good things about LSD and i really want to try it. CMV
"Half of members of Congress are millionaires" is neither surprising. CMV
I think a community service requirement rather than a fine would be a better punishment for infractions CMV.
I can't see why the US is not changing it's health care system. CMV.
I think it's a terrible idea to attempt communications with extraterrestrials yet. CMV
I do not think trans-sexuality should be part of the gay rights movement. CMV.
I just finished watching "her," and I don't think it's a sad story. Not even the ending. "Spoilers inside." CMV.
I believe that the idea of a "patriarchy" is detrimental to society. CMV.
I think psychology is not a real science, and there for useless as a specialty, CMV.
I think the gaming trophy system is wrong.CMV
I don't think men should be forced to pay child support for a baby they didn't intend to create. CMV
I like laughtracks. CMV.
Google Fiber will cause everything to be centralized and have negative consequences for media and computing. CMV
It's not unethical to kill an animal for food, if done humanly. CMV
I think that there is little use in getting a non-technological (or STEM-related) degree CMV
I think Men are smarter than women (on average). CMV
I feel like I'm trapped in my chair. CMV
CMV Government programs that discriminate on income are unconstitutional
I believe fire EMS and police personel should be held to a sertain standard of physical fitness and if they are unwilling or unable to meet and maintain that level they should lose their position. CMV
I believe Yelp does not extort small businesses at all. CMV
I think the economic inequality between the rich and poor is balance in the world, and not sad. CMV
I believe that drinking one cup of Coca-Cola per day does not have a negative impact on an otherwise healthy lifestyle. CMV.
I think that the introduction of goal-line technology in Soccer is unecessary and against the spirit of the game. CMV
It should be okay to ask a person's income or tell your own income as long as you don't equate income with one's value as a person. CMV.
I think the society is getting oversensitive with sexism, racism, etc and that's bad. CMV
I think the musical Rent sucked. CMV.
I have been a Playstation User my whole life, why should I buy an X-Box One? CMV
Smogon should not be considered an official rulebook for Pokemon battling. CMV
In winter, household energy-saving devices don't save energy. CMV
I think the US/Imperial system of measurement is superior to the metric system for ordinary use. CMV.
I don't think there is any one question that could determine how prepared you are for college. CMV
I think that white people are targeted with genocide. CMV.
I think teachers make more than enough money. CMV.
I think the United States should stop interfering with Other Countries. CMV
Schools should bill parents whose children behave violently proportional to the degree of violence committed on campus. CMV
I think that the global warming and climate change will be irreversible because of human continuous hunger for technological improvement and luxury. CMV
I think high end CPU's are not needed for most of the people buying and recommending them. CMV
In the US today, you cannot protect your rights from being infringed upon by the government with guns. CMV
I think Bitcoin is fundamentally flawed and it will ultimately collapse. CMV
Strippers deserve our respect. They're the hardest-working women in show business. "CMV"
All babies look the same, CMV
Macklemore is a technically unimpressive rapper. CMV.
I believe there is no peaceful solution to the North Korean nuclear issue. CMV
New full-auto firearms should be available for sale to civilians in the US. CMV
I think people should be allowed to keep loved ones alive on life support for as long as they like... so long as they are paying for it entirely out of pocket. CMV
I believe that the term "Social Justice" is intellectually dishonest CMV
I believe that not arguing against the views of the elderly because they are "set in their ways" is neither condescending nor a cop out. CMV
I believe after a functional age humans should be killed. CMV
I believe that the rest of the world, especially the USA, should normalise relations with, and lift all sanctions against North Korea. CMV.
[META] Should there be restrictions on repeat topic submissions?
Top image posts often contain young blonde girls because inappropriate sexual attraction is more common than we admit. CMV
I believe that facilities like Guantanamo Bay should continue to exist and the state should be able to deny terrorists any human rights. CMV
Public schools should not offer sports or athletic programs to students at all. CMV
I see nothing wrong with the idea of socialism.
I don't trust Dropbox, Cloud, and other online storage services. CMV.
I believe that if you are not an expert in a field, you should form your beliefs based on the consensus and common beliefs of experts in that field. This applies to global warming, GMOs, and even social ideas like institutional oppression, patriarchy and privilege. CMV.
I believe that the term "Coming Out" is completely ok to use for any situation where admitting information to people you care about is likely to be met with hostility and anguish, not just homosexuality CMV
I believe that education is not conducive to happiness. CMV.
I think that the only rational and logical stance on the abortion issue is pro-life. CMV.
I believe that human beings were not meant to be monogamous. CMV.
I'm a vegan ready to be an omnivore again, but my morals are getting in the way. Convince me, CMV.
I think money CAN buy happiness. CMV (please?).
I don't think it ever makes sense to get angry. CMV
I am a liberal who is in strong support of the death penalty. In a non-religious way, CMV.
I think that singers in musical are not good actors or singers. CMV
I believe inequality is natural and that the only thing we can do is to protect the rights of individuals.CMV
I believe that I need Windows to play games and cannot possible do it on Linux. CMV
I don't think that people deserve the day off, or excuses from school because of religion. CMV.
Saying that a person was "dead" because their heart stopped is an outdated and unscientific concept. CMV
I feel that victim blaming is not inherently flawed, but can be used inappropriately in situations where it harms the victim more than it helps them prevent themselves being victims again in the future. CMV
Restricted/subsidized capitalism is the superlative economic system. CMV.
I don't want to have children because I believe they will stand in the way of my goals and dreams, CMV.
I think affirmative action is racist, CMV
I do not think that religion should be taught/catered for in any school system around the world. CMV.
I think that breast feeding in public is a good idea that should not be controversial, even for very conservative people CMV
I believe that at-home distillation of alcohol should be legal. CMV
I think that a codified ('written') constitution is a bad thing. CMV.
[CMV] When a fat girl calls a normal looking girl or guy 'bony' I think its b/c she has an agenda to change the perception for the good of fat people.
I believe EU member states should continue to integrate until we create a United States of Europe CMV.
There should be a constitutional mechanism for peaceful secession from the United States. CMV.
I believe colonizing other planets and/or moons is inevitable for the survival of our species, and we should greatly focus on funding this. CMV
I believe there is nothing immature about adults playing video games. CMV
I believe that female EMT's, fire fighters, police etc. Should be held to the exact same fitness standards as men. CMV
I believe NYC Mayor de Blasio's plan to ban horse drawn carriages is misguided and overreaching CMV
I think gay marriage should be legalized. CMV
I think the United States is on a path away from personal freedom. CMV
I believe that Communism is not as bad as everyone says. CMV
I think that TRP is, for the most part, misogynistic and appalling. CMV
I feel that an education in the arts prohibits creativity in whatever craft is studied.
I have never seen plastic surgery for cosmetic reasons that I think improved someone.
I think that we should imply 'survival of the fittest' more often. CMV
With the exception of when it's directly relevant to the topic at hand, I think describing someone's lifestyle to show what kind of person they are is unfair and should not be a legitimate debating method in legal settings. CMV.
I believe that prices in stores should included the tax already. CMV.
I believe copyright and patent law should be completely abolished. CMV.
I don't believe being told to smile is offensive. CMV
The biggest, most chilling strike against legal marijuana is its threat in the hands of children. CMV.
I believe that ballet, far from being an artform, is massively dangerous, particularly for women. CMV
I believe that education should be socialized in the US. CMV
I believe abortion cannot be morally justified. CMV.
I do not believe in the gender binary. CMV
I think that marginal income taxes are fair. CMV
I cannot stand the song "I'm Aquarius" by Metronomy. CMV
I don't think anyone should drink alcohol, especially not before their mid 20's, CMV.
I believe that 'zero tolerance' policies in schools are idiotic and should be changed. CMV
Reddit, am I a mysogynist or sexist? Help me, I don't understand - CMV if necessary.
I don't think it's practically possible to find a partner that would never cheat on you under any reasonable set of circumstances. CMV
It is my moral imperative to expose a cheater, especially if I find out while dating them. CMV.
I fear that kindness and selfless acts may not be worth the investment. CMV.
I think dentures should be the ideal, not proper tooth maintenance CMV.
I haven't, and don't intend on getting a Influenza vaccine. CMV
I am a praticing Catholic and I believe there are no moral reprocussions to pre-maritial sex. CMV
I think its immoral to use celebrity status to preach one side of a controversial opinion. CMV.
I think most men that complain about feminists on reddit are losers. CMV
I am pro-choice on the grounds that no human being should have control of their body taken from them, no matter what the circumstances. CMV
Consciousness and life itself transcend the human body to a certain extent. The Ship of Theseus is the same ship before and after. CMV
I think products that intentionally deceive such as homeopathic 'medicine' should be illegal. CMV
Low-wage employers don't increase the burden on taxpayers, they decrease it.
I believe the people who eat meat should be willing to take part in the killing of the animal that provides the meat. CMV
I believe that the "starving children in Africa" argument against being wasteful with food is a pathetic way to guilt someone. CMV.
I believe that organized religion is a major hindrance to the well being of humanity, and causes more problems than it claims to solve. Please CMV
I believe that Dennis Rodman should be labeled an Enemy of the State and potentially be put on trial for treasonous acts. CMV.
Incestal marriage should be completely legal, and there is nothing wrong with brothers/sisters/cousins having sex together if they are all of legal age and consent. Please CMV.
In general, life sucks. Please, CMV
I believe that infidelity in a (non-committed) relationship is unforgivable, and should result in a break-up regardless of the excuses. CMV.
I believe anyone who thinks indie games will replace AAA titles are crazy. CMV
I think you be required to do community service if you want to keep unemployment insurance after 99 weeks. CMV
I believe that literature should not be a compulsory subject at public schools. CMV
I think nudity should be more accepted and not as taboo or viewed as negatively as it is . CMV
I dont see the point in voting anymore. UK
I don't think that people's attitude toward gender should be 'unknown until proven cis'. CMV.
I believe that it is pointless to excessively give to charity because the world's governments could easily solve the majority of problems charities aim to fix. CMV
I think that selective education should be adopted in public schools. CMV
I don't think homeless people should be allowed to have pets, it's selfish and irresponsible. CMV
I think Hitchens was a alcoholic with bad friends. CMV
I believe that men on Reddit oppose feminism because they are afraid of losing their privilege. CMV
Drugs are Good - CMV
I believe that the price .99 should be eradicated and instead we pay a round value. CMV.
If your a guest at a house, you should be your regular self, not necessarily on your best behavior. CMV
There should be an expedited, low-debt educational path from nurse practitioner to medical doctor. CMV
I think the recently unveiled batch of Steamboxes will be largely unsuccessful. CMV.
I think it is the governments "job" to promote equality through social engineering like welfare CMV
Moderators undermine democracy on reddit. CMV
There is no excuse not to be vegetarian, and in light of the ecological benefits we have a moral obligation to change our diet to a vegetarian diet in the developed world asap CMV.
CMV. I think that if there was a real religion, everybody would believe in it.
I believe that we live in a police state, where we are occupied by those who are supposed to protect us. CMV
I believe that criminals/offenders from a less-privileged background should be given shorter sentences for their crimes than what is pre-set in the system. CMV.
I believe that it is unreasonable to take pride in anything but one's own personal accomplishments. CMV
People should be permitted to keep any trash they like. CMV.
CMV The person who invited another out should pay (unless agreed upon previously)
I think the Bible should not be used to teach Christianity, CMV.
I think the flu shot is a marketing scam and has no basis in science or health. CMV
I think knowingly falsely accusing someone of rape is worse than raping someone. CMV
The American Civil war was caused by slavery. CMV
American Football is a badly designed sport that is boring to watch. Pretty much every other popular sport is way better. CMV
I'm scared of the possibility of 3D printed guns becoming something big. CMV.
I think The Big Bang Theory is extremely unfunny. Please, CMV
The oral tradition of mythology, and the surrounding celebrations is something that has no secular equivalent. CMV.
I think the "if it's open it grows" image in the /r/changemyview sidebar (only on a comments page) is quite creepy. CMV
I think a lot of stereotypes are based on truth, CMV.
I do not believe that pleasing shareholders should be the priority of a company. CMV
I think that a true anarchy is unsustainable, as much like in communism it is human nature to have rules and a power structure. CMV
I think, at this point, Half-Life 3 has been so hyped that it can't be anything but a let down if it eventually releases. CMV.
I do not believe that Bruce Lee could defeat an elite boxer or MMA fighter even in his own weight class CMV
I think that people who are transgendered have a mental disorder. CMV.
I believe that atheists should not attempt to spread atheism. CMV
I think that in the US, the second amendment is outdated but this doesn't mean we should ban guns. CMV
I believe that climate change is largely caused by human activities. CMV
I think the downvote function on reddit is a problem. It stifles conversation and creates both a sounding board for popular views and a hostile environment for unpopular or even new views.
I believe universal public healthcare (no private health sector) is the only morally justifiable system. CMV
I don't think it's bad that many people don't vote, because it means the votes of those who are informed and committed count for more. CMV
In order to slow down NFL offense I believe a rule change is in order. Offensive Holding should be a 10 yard penalty *and* loss of down. CMV
I believe deltabot should troll for deltas issued outside of the subreddit. CMV
I believe short loan sites like Wonga are completely ok and do not do anything wrong. I think the critics are unfair, and just haven't thought about it. CMV
CMV - I think it is perfectly acceptable to recline your chair on a flight
Feminism does more harm than good and should be replaced by humanism. CMV
I believe that AMAs in the subreddit /r/IAMA should be scheduled using the UTC time zone. CMV
I don't think anyone can predict what the world will be like in 50 years due to the rapid and unexpected way technology changes. CMV.
CMV I believe that AR style rifles are no more dangerous than any other type of gun and I believe that anyone who supports gun control geared towards "assault weapons" is uneducated on the issue
Arguments for homosexuality can be used to support incest, so for pro-gay advocates to be internally consistent with their own reasoning, they should support incest CMV
Can porn be healthy, and/or beneficial as opposed to a life derailing issue? CMV
Having just spent the last four hours reading the sidebar, top 30 posts, and several other sources re: /r/TheRedPill, I disagree wholeheartedly that following the way of life described within the subreddit will give any follower the success or happiness they crave. CMV.
I believe that liberalism/leftism has led to the decline of the family as an institution, an atomized society, and generally less trust between the sexes CMV
I think learning to interact with women through communities like r/seduction and Real Social Dynamics can be life-altering and beneficial for every man. CMV
I believe that the British Monarchy should not exist in the modern world. It should not be idolized, allowed to consult British government, or have any form of power. CMV
The militarization of the police is a good thing. CMV
I want to enter a field that I know would make a lot of money (business, engineering, etc.) rather than enter a field doing something I'd love, regardless of pay (teaching) CMV
I believe Ayn Rand had many fantastic concepts, CMV.
There is no difference between "human" and "nature." Our entire civilization seems built around deluding ourselves into thinking we aren't animals CMV
There is nothing wrong with police racial profiling.
I believe that if you show up late to a movie, you should not have the ability or right to ask people to "move over" to make room for you. CMV.
I think Mike Tyson is insanely over rated, and over hyped. And is not even a top 10 fighter of all time.
Abortion Should Be Illegal, CMV.
I believe international spying is bad and in opposition to human rights in terms of privacy to citizens of earth. CMV
I believe there would be much more racism against African Americans if it were not for their contributions to music and sports. CMV
I don't believe that in-vitro fertilization or any other kind of scientific circumvention of infertility should be legal. CMV
I belive that while women should be free to breastfeed in public they should need to be discrete and have guidelines to follow CMV
I do not believe that increasing the minimum wage is properly justified by arguments based on inflation or increased worker production. CMV.
I don't think the average person really needs to learn coding despite there is a lot of support/pressure for it. CMV.
I believe judging other sports fans on how "good" of a fan they are is utterly pretentious and self-important. CMV
I believe that everyone is secretly a cyborg other than me CMV
The Arts and seniors are useless to society. CMV, I beg of you.
I think there's nothing wrong with marrying to gain citizenship, CMV
I believe that just because someone "Can't do better" does not disallow their right to criticize. CMV
I believe that fracking is bad. CMV.
I am nihilist CMV
I think the younger generation are experiencing the death of real face-to-face interaction and it will hurt them as a whole. CMV
I don't think you can simultaneously believe in free will from completely loving god and not be a deist, CMV.
I believe if you intentionally kill someone your life should be forfeit and you should be executed. CMV
I think that children of divorced parents make a bad female partner in life. CMV.
I believe that computer science should replace religious studies in the UK education system, CMV.
The universe is all a big nothing and nothing we do is ever going to matter in the grand scheme. CMV. please.
I think that global warming is exaggerated and that the earth (and humans) will adapt. CMV.
The United States should pursue an active expansionist policy. CMV
I don't think NASA should get more funding CMV
I don't see what's particularly wrong with bestiality. CMV.
I think that spectator sports like Football are overrated compared to other activities. CMV!
I believe that the handling of economical crisis in Europe is intentionally mismanaged and the ultimate goal is privatisation and dismantling of the social state, CMV
I believe public smoking should be banned. CMV.
I think that smoking weed is harmful to your physical and mental health. CMV
Worrying about one's social standing, and by extension, being "Forever Alone" is inherently selfish. CMV
I can't know anything, CMV
There is no excuse not to be vegan, and by eating meat I risk the scorn of my children later in life CMV
I believe that any non-ending video game can be "solved" based on the fact it is a finite logic problem written by a finite number of people. CMV
I believe that equality is an illogical goal for society. CMV
People who have a stable lives who have mentally and physically sound children live more fulfilling lives than people who choose material or non-family centric lifestyle CMV (mostly looking for opinions from parents)
If you were to oppose gay rights (which I do not) the proper analogy is not beastiality or polygamy but nudism. CMV
I believe that viewing pornography is unethical and most who view it are hypocritical. CMV
The only musical genre that I don't like any examples of that I have heard is dubstep. CMV
I Believe That The Older A Man Gets, The Less Enjoyment He'll Have From His First Sexual Experience. Please CMV!
I wish to kill myself CMV
If I say something that you don't believe, you should Google it, not me. CMV
The Role of Judas in the Bible Dismantles the Belief in a Loving Christian God. CMV.
I believe that in the 70s and 80s, Apple Computer Co. was revolutionary. However, now they are just overpriced, shiny machines with a few bells and whistles. CMV.
I can't stand to be around young children and find interacting with them unfulfilling and wasteful - CMV
I think its OK to pee in the shower, and should no be discouraged at a young age, CMV.
I don't believe in a "unified consciousness". CMV.
I think Apple is a much more cohesive, user-friendly, and well-branded company than its competitors. CMV
I believe that there is literally no reason to believe in any of the traditional religions of humanity. CMV.
I don't think we should really care what the original writers of a constitution thought. CMV
I think humankind is essentially cancer, and the world would be better off without people. CMV.
I believe that, in many ways, strict unquestionable rule may be better for a country as a whole than the system we have now. CMV.
The US Government should provide breeding incentives to encourage an increase in general population intelligence. CMV.
Twitter is a platform for people who are trying to score shallow social recognition... CMV
I think all plastic and metal containers should have a 10¢ returns. CMV
Fighting a battle that you know you're not going to win because "it is the right thing to do" is not a sign of virtue, it's a sign of stupidity. CMV
I don't believe the lives of children and women should be put before the lives of men. CMV
I feel that the majority of arguments offered by people on CMV and any forum of debate in general exist in an imaginary abstract space with little application to the real world and are thus mostly a waste of time. CMV.
I really don't care for endangered species of animals (Tigers, Condors, etc) CMV
I believe a business school education is worthless if you've never worked anywhere else. CMV
I over-analyze and worry about everything and it causes me to be an anxious mess. Please CMV.
Iraq is a worse place for its people and a greater danger to the region than it was under Saddam in 2003. The U.S. has been a manufacturer and exporter of terrorism, we should significantly change our policies to better coincide with our interests and values. CMV
I think that anthropogenic CO2 is causing global warming, CMV
I believe that there is nothing wrong with the NSA spying. CMV
I can't help but feel that the United States has only made the world a worse place to live since the 1950's. CMV!
I don't think we should spending money trying to rehabilitate criminals in prison, CMV.
The Monty Python movies are juvenile, stupid, and equivalent to Katy t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m. CMV
Marijuana Should Remain Illegal Based on Its Negative Health Effects. CMV.
Making leaps of faith is morally wrong. CMV
Comparing children raised by homosexual parents to children raised by "traditional" heterosexual parents is not a fair study. CMV
I don't believe that women should be held to a lesser physical standard when it comes to jobs such as the military and firefighting. CMV.
GMO hysteria is to the left what climate change denialism is to the right. CMV
George Soros and the Kochs are good for democracy. CMV
FDIC is ineffective and unnecessarily distorts risk CMV
Women who go to night clubs and meet men to sleep around are b*tches, CMV.
I believe that nihilism is the only rational worldview, and all rational philosophical positions must begin from nihilism. CMV
I believe that all relationships stem from social prominence, CMV!
I believe that "two wrongs don't make a right" can never be used to show that what someone did is wrong. CMV
I believe in psychological egoism. CMV?
I don't think that any religious or anti-religious beliefs are ever absolute. CMV
it’s unreasonable that people take offence to things that are in no way directed at them, particularly when someone is trying to achieve something they themselves cannot. CMV.
I think that Brave New World's society had a lot of virtues to it, and shouldn't be written off. CMV.
I believe there is no aferlife. CMV.
It is better to have herbal treatment and acupuncture than modern medicine. Please CMV.
I believe that if the US is justified in placing an excise tax on cigarettes, then there should be an excise tax on high-calorie foods like chocolate cake. CMV
Teachers are fairly paid.
I think Feminism is a form of slave morality. CMV.
With far fewer resources and teaching hours, we could educate children to much higher standards by focusing almost exclusively on critical and creative thinking, instead of forgettable facts, CMV
I believe we should never under any circumstances judge people.Every action is always good? CMV !
The penalty for what Snowden did should be ONE year in prison; enough so it's a sacrifice and people won't do it lightly, but not so much it destroys lives or discourages real whistle-blowing. CMV
Starting to think The Red Pill philosophy will help me become a better person. Please CMV.
I think prisoners, terminal patients, and others should be able to opt in to experimentation if consent can be guaranteed. CMV
Claiming that the dichotomy "women can act like men, but men can't act like women" results from the logic "feminine = weak" prevents needed discussions of masculinity by drawing the focus back to women. CMV.
I believe that when we have foolproof self-driven cars, the laws should be changed so that all cars on public roads must be automated CMV
I believe that in the USA offering more welfare as a presidential candidate is equate to buying votes and thus people on welfare should not vote. CMV
Demands to fix inequality is just a kinder way of wanting a bigger, high taxing government. CMV
I think that people who complain of ageism with regards to women in Hollywood are wrong. CMV
I do not see how increased government power will lead to a breaking of the government-finance marriage.
I think that the whole self-driving car technology is overhyped and that there are a number of much more important aspects of automobile innovation that we should be focusing on first. CMV
I think infertile parents who use surrogates to have children instead of adopting are selfish and driven by egotism. CMV
I believe it should be punishable by law and strictly enforced to smoke or drink while pregnant. Attempt to CMV.
I'm scared of dying. CMV
I believe that on November 22, 1963, the US Government staged a coup d'etat, replacing President John F. Kennedy with Lyndon B. Johnson and used Lee Harvey Oswald as the scapegoat. CMV
I think everyone who uses or cannot resist drugs/alcohol/tobacco... is weak and has no willpower. CMV.
I believe that its far too easy to be a teacher, and that teachers should be masters of their fields. CMV
I don't think top athletes are overpaid. CMV
I think most of society's values are economically determined. CMV
I believe that the Christian concept of faith or damnation is ignorant and hateful. CMV
I believe that cyberbullying isn't a real form of bullying. CMV?
I don't have much sympathy for girls (or boys) who decide to go to parties full of strangers and drugs and then are shocked when they are sexually assaulted. I don't like having this opinion - CMV please.
I believe using the article "an" before a word starting with a pronounced "h" is silly. CMV
I am starting to believe "white" people, as a group, build better societies for human living, and in this respect, are superior in some significant way to other races. CMV please.
There is no element of the human experience that anyone reading this knows nothing about. CMV.
I think that extreme introverts (like myself) shouldn't pursue romantic relationships. CMV
I believe that sex with animals is equivalent to the molestation of infants or the profoundly handicapped. Either both are permissible or neither is. CMV
I believe gypsies are bad for Europe and should not be welcomed in other countries. CMV
I don't believe in the institution of marriage. CMV.
I believe that anxiety/depression aren't mental illnesses.CMV
CMV on abortion: I believe that the pro-choice argument trivialises a matter of life or death by turning the issue into an argument about convenience.
I believe there is more to some crop circles than can be explained by bored college students. CMV
I don't think promiscuity is a bad thing. CMV.
I believe that if God was as humble and caring as most Christians would say, he wouldn't wish for so much worship. CMV
I have proof my ex girlfriend is faking a marriage for military benefits, and I'm thinking of turning her in. She really screwed me over. Cmv.
I believe the reason for the toxic community of League of Legends is because of the matchmaking system. CMV.
This is no good argument to outlaw municipal broadband. CMV.
Given the option to draft either a QB with elite passing AND elite running skills or a QB with elite passing skills ONLY, NFL teams should almost always draft the QB with elite passing skills only. CMV
There is no viable alternative to capitalism, though the current system can be altered to serve people's needs. CMV
I don't feel like New Years day is worth celebrating. CMV
I don't believe it is acceptable to attack the person that your SO cheated on you with. CMV
I believe that churches and other religious institutions should have to pay taxes. CMV
CMV Outside of sanctioned uniformity of dress in workplace, school or what have you, I don't think great amounts of attention on what one wears is important
[CMV] Killing people based on actions they have done or traits they have
I don't understand the difference in the type of animal that people choose to eat or not eat. CMV
I believe that Lucky the Leprechaun is under no obligation to share his Lucky charms cereal. CMV
I don't believe self-discipline actually exists, and I think the notion is generally counter-productive. CMV
I think that videogame piracy (and piracy in general) would be vastly rarer in a society without poverty. CMV.
Labor should not be treated like good/commodities. CMV
I believe that punishment serves no purpose CMV
I believe that people who complain about too many sequels and remakes in media don't actually want anything new. CMV.
I feel no respect for people who expose their full nudity online or in public. CMV
Human happiness occurs EXCLUSIVELY when your life is getting better, not when your life is good. CMV.
I think there is a possibility in the existence of a god. CMV
I think smartphone cases are dumb and useless CMV
I think that anonymous hate is almost always used as a way to get attention. CMV.
I think that the replacement of human workers with machines is going to be a net detriment to human civilization. CMV
This sub should be a TV game show. CMV
I just read about Roko's Basilisk and it's left me feeling...unsettled, as if it could actually happen. CMV.
I don't think singing takes talent or deserves the praise it gets. CMV
America is the best country in the world - CMV
Is livebaiting cruel? I'm unsure what to think - CMV one way or the other.
I believe that Marijuana is a completely harmless substance and its legalization will literally fix all of the problems in the world. CMV
I believe flushing the toilet after going #1 is unnecessary. CMV
I believe this burgeoning anti-SRS movement Reddit has is just an excuse for users to continue to speak and spread their own sexist and/or racist views. CMV
CMV I don't believe evolution or creation needs to be taught in High school or Junior high
I think there is no such thing as a bad cook. There is only somebody too lazy to read directions. CMV
I think that a bachelors degree should focus only on the major/minor and subjects that are covered in high school are unnecessary if they don't relate to the degree. CMV
I believe that moral relativism is a completely untenable position in rational terms and furthermore that it is extremely detrimental to general human wellbeing. CMV
I believe that the rabbit in the Trix commercials should be allowed to eat Trix cereal. CMV.
Equal Opportunity Vs. Equal Outcomes. CMV
I believe that "feminism" is no better than "nationalism", "supremacism" or "racism" in that it furthers a single groups agenda over that of others.
Reddit is broken, and most users not users do not care. CMV
I believe that "Anti-Discrimination" policies on college campuses have become little more than tools cynically used by the far-left to maintain intellectual hegemony and silence dissenting views CMV
Politicians hide behind Hanlon's razor to obfuscate their dubiousness. CMV
A crime with no direct victim shouldn't be punished more harshly than a crime which directly affects someone else.
Handicap tags are too accessible CMV
I don't believe clothing stores should be made to stick plus sizes CMV.
I think the whole duck dynasty /Phil Robertson controversy is just a publicity stunt. CMV
I believe certain college majors are a waste of time, CMV
The notion of swear words and having an order of words more socially unacceptable than another is utterly ridiculous. CMV
I do not think that lives of children are more precious than lives of adults especially when it is about numbers. CMV
I belie a quick, clean death is to prefer over slowly withering away, CMV.
I believe that using pets for any duration and then discarding them humanely (such as adoption or euthanasia) should be as acceptable as eating meat. CMV.
The US Prison System Is Too Harsh, and Only Creates Problems, Therefore the US Should Introduce Some European/Canadian Style Reforms For Its Prison and Criminal Justice System. CMV
I believe crime dramas have been used to normalise mass surveillance, privacy breaches and police acting outside the law. CMV
I believe pharmaceutical companies should be legally responsible for vaccine injuries and I believe all vaccines should be independently tested for safety. CMV
I dont believe that you should try and convince someone out of suicide over the internet. Go ahead CMV
I believe that living together before marriage is necessary. CMV.
This is gonna sound pretty pathetic, but I think that women have too much power in the social plane. CMV
I believe anyone who claims to speak with God/spirits/ghosts should be treated as having a mental illness CMV.
I believe that contemporary pop culture is composed mainly of utter garbage. CMV
I believe that GMOs (genetically modified organisms) are not inherently harmful to eat. CMV
Because of its size, the US has the most diverse natural scenery in the world. CMV.
I believe transexuality is a mental disorder. CMV.
I believe that constantly reporting about deaths in a war does not help me believe the war is a good idea. CMV.
I think if a minor breaks the law off campus the school should not be able to take disciplinary action, regardless of whether or not the police are involved. CMV
Reddit on mobile is far superior to the actual website. CMV.
I never had a girlfriend ever and I don't think I ever will because of my hearing loss/difficulties. CMV.
'Fat shaming' is okay. CMV.
I think that censoring profanity with asterisks (f*ck, sh*t, c*nt) is as offensive as spelling out the entire word since it's obvious what you mean. CMV
Many posts on r/JusticePorn are more about revenge and karma than justice, CMV.
I think obesity is an outward sign of poor self-discipline CMV.
I can't think of a good reason why Scotland shouldn't go independent. CMV
I Am Beginning to Think That Parliamentary Democracy May Be Superior to Presidential Democracy. CMV
I believe that High Fructose Corn Syrup should be banned. CMV.
Reddit telling a woman not to travel alone in India, and their association of India with rape, is racism. CMV.
I currently plan on voting Conservative in the next Canadian federal election. CMV!
I think that it's morally wrong for parents to raise their children with their personal religious/philosophical beliefs. CMV.
Time travel is impossible. CMV
I don't believe the media shapes culture, i believe our culture shapes media. CMV.
I don't think a Jewish state needs to exist CMV
The term "Caucasian" is racist, CMV.
I believe the popular vote is better to the electoral college CMV
I think property tax should be attached to the owner and not the property, CMV
I don't respect sex workers such as porn stars or escorts, CMV
I think having a character in a show be nothing more than comic relief is fine and even preferred. CMV?
I think that most atheists are actually religious. CMV.
I think financial transactions taxes are fair and would be an efficient new way of generating new revenues for the US government. CMV.
I oppose federalism. CMV
I believe Iran only wants nuclear capabilities to keep us (USA) from screwing with them, and know it would be suicide to actually use it. Thus, I think they should build a nuke. CMV.
I believe that there is nothing wrong with holding a grudge. CMV
I believe that the United States will never be able to eliminate it's debt. CMV.
I believe that saying racist and gay slurs jokingly is wrong. CMV
I believe capitalism is a harmful and Totalitarian system cmv
I do not believe in an empirically provable afterlife. CMV
Frozen is a horribly mediocre Disney film. CMV
People are plain ignorant and brainwashed if they are not willing to listen to conspiracy theories. CMV
I think the viewpoint that Barbie dolls are responsible for girls having self-esteem issues is beyond ridiculous. CMV
I believe sales taxes greater than or equal to 250% are theft. CMV.
I have no problem with single-issue or low-information voters. CMV.
Abortion is socially-accepted killing. Where human life begins is a moot point. CMV
These are the 5 predictions of the future that will come true. CMV.
The Sykes–Picot Agreement is the root cause of all the troubles happening in the Middle East today. CMV
I believe there is nothing inherently wrong with wanting a SO to discard a gift from an ex. CMV
I believe that Christmas should not be a national holiday in the United States. CMV
Basketball is a poorly designed sport and is not fun to watch. CMV
Same-sex couples discount from a photography place. I call it discrimination, she calls it affirmative action. CMV please.
People mentioning they are queer gives me the impression they are snobs. CMV.
Women are the inferior gender : CMV
I view the functionally mentally disabled with both anger and disgust. CMV of the functionally mentally disabled.
I believe that crimes that have no victim besides "society" or "increased risk of harming" are inherently wrong and are part of an oppressive society in which freedom is permissive, instead of assumptively permitted in the absence of an obvious victim CMV
I believe "the congress" is obsolete and unnecessary with Internet and today's technology. CMV
I believe humans have no obligation to save endangered animals. CMV
Buddhism is just another form of escapism
"That guy" should be ejected from the lecture. CMV
Prostitution MUST remain starkly illegal in any civilized country that cares for its citizens. CMV
We need a Constitutional amendment to define what is a person for purposes of enumerate rights. CMV
I don't believe prison should be about rehabilitation, CMV
Although I'm an Atheist, I believe religion to be an overall positive thing for a society. CMV
I think music hipsters are self-absorbed hypocrites. CMV.
I believe that tulpas are ridiculous, and people who believe that they created a sentient imaginary friend need medication. [CMV]
I don't think Republicans contribute anything positive to American politics. CMV.
I think choosing to be vegetarian or vegan solely for health reasons is not very rational. CMV.
Laws that legalize preferential treatment for politically popular groups like gays are themselves discriminatory and degrade the quality of life for less popular disenfranchised groups that also deserve the same treatment like the short ugly and stupid since they aren't given the same advantages CMV
I believe vegans and vegetarians who choose their diets for ethical reasons rather than simple taste or health reasons are irrational and misinformed. CMV.
I believe that if you don't believe in the afterlife, there is no logical reason against committing suicide. CMV
I think it's sinister and inaccurate that we view men's issues as resulting from a devaluing of the feminine. CMV.
I despise pro-Marijuana advocates. CMV.
I believe that people who say "Why don't you just let your child believe in Santa?" are essentially no different from people who say "Why don't you just believe in [my deity]?" CMV.
College courses should never include participation or attendance in their grading rubrics. CMV.
I believe that all highways should be privatised. CMV
I am not interested in dating a girl that is not a virgin. I encourage you to CMV.
I don't believe that any freedom in America is being protected from attack by the US military. CMV
I believe that my diet, the pescetarian diet, is healthy and environmentally and ethically defensible. CMV.
The pervasive surveillance present in modern society is gradually leading us into a dystopian culture of Orwellian proportions, where being prosecuted for thought-crime is a real possibility and privacy is a myth. This is the path to oppression. CMV.
America's best days are ahead, not behind CMV.
Secession and decentralization is the way of progress. CMV.
Submissions to /r/CMV should include a "How-to-change-my-view"-section. CMV.
We should treat alcohol like sex: don't force teenagers to abstain, but teach them to use it in a safe way. CMV.
I believe it is illogical to judge someone badly. CMV
I think silent letters are unnecessary. CMV
CMV the societal worth of human life is measured by earned income
A united world ("A world order") isn't as bad as people believe it to be. CMV
I think the new years tradition of fireworks is turning a blind eye to humanity destroying itself. CMV
I believe that Christmas (and other holidays) is a waste of time and money. CMV
I think that outside of a select few protections, government intervention in the way companies run their own businesses is wrong. CMV
I believe the whole world should follow the Christian view of marriage and relationships. CMV
[CMV] I think waiters/waitresses and others attendants should be paid the minimum wage and tipping should not be a social requirement.
I believe the video game community is toxic because video games by their nature attract toxic people. CMV
I believe that folks without proven financial parenting capacity should not be allowed to have more than two children. CMV.
I believe that plea bargains are immoral. CMV
Public shaming is a better and less costly punishment for non-violent crimes than prison. CMV
Deep down, you want to be a Scientologist. CMV
The founding fathers were libertarians. CMV
I believe artificial intelligence is possible in the long term, as well as a singularity. CMV
I don't believe in modern education. Those who reactively defend modern education are either indoctrinated or have a vested interest in equating schooling with education. CMV.
I think prescribers should as general principle consult with a patients' therapist before starting, ending or otherwise changing psychopharmaceutical medication CMV.
If you oppose gay marriage, you oppose the principles of America, cmv.
I believe that uproar against fat shaming encourages an unhealthy lifestyle. CMV.
Libertarianism is the future of America. CMV
There is a strong incentive to discriminate against gays and blacks in hiring for small businesses, and in some cases women &amp; religious. CMV
TCMV Tuesday - 12/24/13
A&amp;E has the right and is in the right to suspend Phil Robertson. CMV
I think there's absolutely nothing wrong with how women are portrayed in magazines (photoshopped, etc) and I don't believe it's even an issue... CMV.
I believe that socialism and/or communism do not, in fact, lead to greater equality than that in capitalism. CMV
I simply believe that marijuana should be legalized. But PLEASE, CMV. There's got to be an interesting rational counterargument out there somewhere!!
I believe that friendships and relationships are completely unreliable because they are based purely on chemicals, which can change at any time for any reason. CMV
For frequent browsers, I think extremely common reposts detract from a subreddit's quality. CMV.
I don't believe people can change, and that free will is an illusion. - CMV
I believe severely mentally disabled people are nothing but a burden and a waste of everyone's time. CMV.
I believe that most wedding expenses are about conspicuous consumerism and romanticizing the event in young women's minds so to leverage that against their parents money. CMV.
There's no evidence for free will, so there's no reason to believe it exists. CMV
I think City of Detroit should not sell any part of the collection at the Detroit Institute of Arts to raise funds during it's bankruptcy, unless it is to a private non-profit that will continue to display them in the City. CMV.
I believe the American public school system is terrible, CMV.
I believe that the human race is going to be mostly exterminated within my lifetime CMV
I think the United States government rewards strategic poverty and dishonesty. CMV
I believe world peace is an achievable long-term goal. CMV
I should burn my Styrofoam and other plastic garbage. CMV!
WIMP was the last big improvement in computers, and we haven't done much since then. CMV
Christmas is toxic. It’s commercial and religious. Unmet expectations cause suicides. Gifts are economically wasteful. It encourages lying to children. Lights squander electricity and cause fires. If we could see Christmas with clear eyes, we’d stop doing it. CMV
I am an ardent Communist and believe in violent revolution on a global scale CMV
I believe that paying full tuition for college is a punishment for hard work, sacrifice, and responsible living, and that the majority of financial aid recipients are either lazy, fiscally irresponsible, or liars. CMV
I think that Marijuana is illegal at the federal level for hubris, laziness, selfishness, CMV
If more feminists openly disavowed radicals, then people wouldn't be so quick to label the entire movement as akin to a hate group. CMV
CMV that country music is boring.
The soaring popularity of synthetic drugs should be met with true cultural maturity instead of futile rules: we should accept that some people will get high, and minimize the harm. CMV
I believe the true job creators are creatives who literally create jobs, as opposed to the rich or the general landscape of employment. CMV
I believe that gays have reached "appreciable equality" in America CMV
All Drugs (even cocaine) should be available without a prescription. CMV
A man or woman has the moral right to refuse to do anything he or she chooses. CMV
I believe surprise military homecomings are little more than propaganda, and are intended to solicit support for the armed forces, and inevitably their wars. CMV
I believe there are more nuances to the suicide debate than people would like to believe. CMV
Die Hard is not a Christmas movie. CMV.
I am ok with buying products cheaply produced in developing countries. CMV
I believe that Cesar Milan, The Dog Whisperer is a complete and total phony. CMV.
Thanks to society, the amount of people who can't be reasoned with is growing. CMV?
I believe that the American Penny (One Cent Coin) should be pulled from circulation. CMV
CMV that there are no stupid questions
I think people who have the cuckold fetish have some sort of mental disorder; or at least are far displaced from reality. CMV
Human beings are inherently (and exclusively) selfish pleasure-seekers. CMV.
I believe that in general and biologically speaking, men are better than women. CMV.
I think the U.S. court system is a detriment to our society. CMV
Utilitarianism is the most effective method of achieving political and social change. CMV
I believe a duodecimal (base-12) over our decimal (base-10) number system would make mathematics simpler. CMV.
I think that if you are friendly with people who force religion on their children then you are passively encouraging them to do so, and you are just as guilty as the parents are for harming them. CMV
No one literally believes in Christian teachings, CMV
I think ontological damnation is a worse fate than extinction. CMV
I think the Kalam Cosmological Argument is overblown. CMV.
I don't think cats should be allowed to roam freely outdoors. CMV
I think it's rude not to edit your post to thank another user for gifting you reddit gold. CMV.
I believe Judy Wood's analysis of the WTC collapse evidence is incomplete and is missing a lot of common sense. CMV
CMV I believe that the term ''Islamaphobia" is a phrase used to supress criticism of Islam, legitamate or not.
I believe that psychological effects of childhood trauma in both victim and perpetrator are a much greater factor than the effects of the media's portrayal of women in the incidence of rape. CMV
Life's Purpose is to become "God", or die trying. CMV
I think we have 5 powers in state and only three are regulated and separated. The two newcomers, corporations and media are in their Wild West phase and need to be strictly regulated just like legislature, executive and judiciary. CMV
I think it is absolutely disgusting that people post pictures of their dead relatives for karma and should not be allowed. CMV
I believe that armed revolutions never better a country and that social stability is more important than democracy. CMV
CMV - The official 9/11 narrative is bogus (specifics in text field)
Equal Rights groups are self-destructive in nature and typically create more harm than good for their cause. CMV
I believe that self defense courses geared at women create a false sense of security. CMV
I believe suicide is a completely viable choice, and if you try to stop them, you're the one being selfish. CMV
An unsettling majority of Americans have no idea what freedom of speech means. CMV.
I think generalizing about "reddit" as if it is a communal entity with general consensus is counterproductive. CMV
I believe 'reddit' is not nearly as progressive or logical as it likes to believe, and it is in fact fairly racist, sexist, and islamophobic. CMV.
I believe that promiscuity is correlated to whether or not someone would cheat in a relationship... CMV Please!
I believe that the preservation and evolution of the human race should be the top priority of the world. CMV
I disagree that a currency (like Bitcoins) should exist that is not tied to a country or group of countries. CMV
I believe that ADHD is a made up/overdiagnosed disease with its main purpose being to make drug companies money. CMV
I Believe That High Schoolers (Mainly 16 and Up) Are Babied Far Too Much. CMV
I Don't Believe That China Poses A Significant Economic Threat to The United States Going Forward. CMV
I believe that vaccines might cause autism. I am suspicious of the lack of studies done here in the US between the vaccinated and non-vaccinated. CMV
I believe the most "scientific" stance in Religion is agnosticism. CMV
Here's a new one: I think it's possible the Earth was a quarter its current size 200 million years ago, CMV.
I don't see any reason besides money or past sexual abuse for someone to become a pornstar. CMV.
As an atheist, I believe that I and others should NOT be offended by Christmas-themed presentations on public ground. CMV
Some or All Government Employees and Family Members should be banned from the stock exchange and Investments while in office. CMV
I believe that artificial or man made items are a subset of nature and not separate from nature. CMV
I think the state is an institution of evil that is as a whole guilty of rape, murder, and theft on institutional scales. CMV.
I don't believe that children should be subjected the the lives and homes of child support paying, non-custodial parents. CMV
The idea of "uploading your brain" to a computer is unrealistic. CMV
I think the "Freedom of Speech is not Freedom of Consequences" is a strange/poor argument. CMV!
An omniscient God has known who will go to hell or heaven since the beginning of the universe. Ergo, a human living life is redundant and all humans should be sent to hell or heaven at the point of inception by an omniscient God. CMV
I think that extremes of groups, like vegans, atheists and Christians, should not be put on the media as it puts a negative view of the entire group. CMV
I think it's foolish to believe that some animals are pets and some animals are food. CMV.
I honestly don't get the brony fandom. CMV
If the "gay gene" is discovered, it will completely change the way people approach almost all major world religions. CMV
I believe that redefining the word "racism" to mean only that kind of prejudice which is the majority oppressing the minority serves no other purpose than to win a manipulative game of a semantics using the negative connotation of the word "racism." (CMV)
Why should i care if i get tapped by a company such as NSA if i dont have anything to hide?
I don't believe Vaccines are as safe as we're told
I believe child curfews are good for a society and should be kept. CMV.
I believe that human nature is fundamentally unchangeable and we will continue repeating history until we are either wiped out by nature or self-destruct through military technology. CMV.
CMV charities should report donations to the IRS
I think Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, isn't that good, and nostalgia blindness has led to it becoming one of the most overrated games of all time. CMV
I believe college degrees are no longer an indication of cognitive ability and GPAs are routinely inflated. CMV
I believe there was nothing wrong with how 4chan and /mensrights acted in the Occidental College anonymous rape report form incident. CMV
There is no point in voting because one vote never makes a difference. CMV.
After reading Phil Robertson's GQ interview, I honestly don't believe his comments were "anti-gay." CMV
The advent of the technological singularity will include a widespread automation of unskilled labor, forcing the unemployment of much of the workforce. In the time before tools like nanotech replication become available, those effected will have no recourse. CMV
Private gun ownership in the US entails LESS likelihood of success at stopping government tyranny. CMV (wall of text)
I think sociopaths are genuinely evil, a threat to everyone they come in contact with and should be forcibly removed from society. CMV
I think the psychological aspects of addiction being an 'a disease' is BS. Rather it is a matter of self-control.
I don't believe that gender is anything more than a reference to stereotypes. CMV.
I believe one should be visibly upset in the face of favoritism in the workplace. CMV
I'm scared to move to the US due to issues such as healthcare. CMV.
I think Handel's "Messiah" is a complete waste of two hours, CMV.
CMV, I think homophobes should be called homohaters
I believe people who force ambulances to slow down should be fined by an automated system. CMV
I believe that in some cases, suicide is justified and logical. CMV
Phil Robertson's character getting banned from Duck Dynasty is a network mistake. CMV
Unless money is involved, it's completely pointless for websites to require you to make a password that is a certain length, containing numbers etc. CMV
I Don't Think That Alcoholism/Drug Addiction Is A Disease. CMV.
I, as a man, don't want my fiancé to take my last name despite being HIS wish. Please CMV.
SRS and the Reddit Fempire cannot possibly be considered a legitimate forum for discussion while banning users based on sex, political views, participation in other subreddits, etc. CMV.
I believe that it is morally wrong to put lethal weapons on drones and any other future (or present) non-human soldiers. CMV
CMV I think that needing to specify a different gender identity than your sex is pointless
I believe that while most redditors claim to be open-minded and understanding of others, in fact we are no less close-minded or stubborn than any other group of people. CMV.
I prefer static radio over a crystal clear sounding radio station. CMV
I believe that homosexuality and Christianity are incompatible. CMV.
I do not believe that Eli Manning is a Hall of Fame QB. CMV.
I believe that, if you have a solid, caring, supportive family that you love and that loves you, you don't need friends or a significant other. CMV.
I believe internet piracy is morally wrong and the reddit hivemind on this issue is ridiculous. CMV
I see no problem with giving my personal information to Google, other web services and even government intelligence agencies. CMV
Affirmative action is a valuable tool for increasing campus diversity at colleges and universities and benefits the entire student body. CMV!
There is nothing wrong with bringing up the past. How you do it is where a problem can occur. CMV.
I don't think there are many good reasons for Western men to get married anymore. CMV.
I think that Christmas should only be held once every four years. CMV
I don't think there's anything wrong with corporations using Reddit for advertisement. CMV
I believe that romantic love and friendship are little more than distractions from important issues in the world. CMV.
I believe that climate denial is nothing short of hate speech. CMV
I don't believe that my darker skin is fine even though i'm a male, CMV
I believe that (at least on Reddit) the Feminist and Men's rights movements have been corrupted by an accusatory, Us v. Them mentality that needs to change in the interests of Gender Equality. CMV.
Trash talking in online video games is fine CMV
I believe USA should change its motto to: America, Land of the free*. *Freedom not intended to be exercised. Void where prohibited. CMV
I think that the laws liberals create to try to help the poor in America are statistically and morally wrong. CMV.
I think selfies are incredibly vain and off-putting. CMV
I believe that life in prison without the possibility of parole is a worse punishment than a death sentence. CMV.
I want to be cryopreserved if I die. CMV.
I do NOT want to have a wedding, despite my family's (and his family's) wishes. CMV.
I believe that life is pointless. We have civilised ourselves to the point where we commit suicide and that shouldn't (and wouldn't) happen in a non- civilised community. We're living for nothing but misery. CMV
I think euthanasia, even in the worst circumstances, is fundamentally morally mistaken. CMV.
I don't care whether the NSA/USA/UK are spying on my emails/browsing history or whatever CMV
I believe we should poison the Heroin supply and kill all users. CMV.
CMV I believe organizations like the NSA are a force for good and a major reason why the U.S. has not experienced major terrorist threats since 9/11.
School is really inefficient and the value of a university degree is baffling CMV
I believe that Christmas only serves one purpose: to keep us buying stuff, fueling the capitalist machine. CMV.
I think the whole Indian diplomatic crisis is ridiculous. CMV.
If declawing a cat is considered cruel then so is neutering a dog or a cat. CMV.
I am OK with judging people. CMV.
I don't want my daughter to lie to other kids about Santa. CMV
Both inflation and deflation, at a slow, steady rate, should have the same effect on the economy. CMV
I Believe Unions Are Useless CMV
I believe that it's wrong to espouse any ideology. CMV
I believe seat belt laws violate our liberty in a fundamental way, CMV
I believe we should come up with an "abortion device" so ONLY the pregnant woman can terminate the pregnancy herself. CMV.
I believe Computer Science is a poorly named major. CMV
I do not think the "Affluenza" teen should serve jail time. CMV.
I think I would be very happy living in Hawaii. CMV
I believe that naming your child something odd, different, or "unique" will make their life more difficult than a "normal" name CMV
I do not think access to health care is a "human right". CMV.
I think hating cops is just as bad as being racist. CMV
The Happy, Social, Sustainable future everyone talks about will never happen. CMV.
I think J.D. Salinger is overrated. CMV.
Now that Indian SC has re-criminalized gay sex because it is 'against the order of nature', it should also criminalize 'man-made' things like video games, automobiles, and yes, RELIGION, because animals don't do all that. CMV, a semi-open minded request to those who feel its a great verdict...
I am pregnant and feel absolutely no love or desire for this child. CMV
I don't think nuclear power can ever be safe, given the toxicity and half-life of its byproducts. CMV.
Philosophy is an useless field of study and has no bearing in the real world; CMV
I believe that the splintering into special interest groups(Feminism, LGBT etc...) is harmful to the movement for Equality for all. CMV
I find it unethical to shop at thrift shops like Goodwill or the Salvation Army when you aren't in financial need, since they operate on donations. CMV
I believe that the Quran is a seriously over-rated book, and that even if the world is dominated/or 'won over' by Islam, the world will not be a happier place at all, and will be in fact sadder and more suppressed. CMV.
I don't believe using the word "fuck" is a bad thing. CMV
I believe nuclear weaponry must not be eliminated. CMV.
I believe discrimination is not inherently wrong, CMV
I do not believe that it is possible to change one's gender via surgery or any other method, and that transgender people remain their original sex despite all bodily modifications. CMV
I think Santa is detrimental to Christmas. CMV
Prison sentences for possession of child pornography in the US should be dramatically reduced.
I believe that before anyone can benefit from a state insurance plan they (or their guardian) should be required to pass a test on basic health. [CMV]
I do not believe complaining about advertisements is justified when free content is provided. CMV
[MOD POST] Celebrating 100k subscribers and #1 subreddit for comment length and #3 subreddit for reading level
I believe creating and using counterfeit money is a victimless crime. CMV.
I believe that men who get involved in circumcision debates are always influenced by the state of their own penis. CMV.
I believe demonizing porn and masturbation does more harm than porn and masturbation. CMV
The "War On Christmas" does not exist. Period. CMV
I don't believe there is any value in IBM's Watson project, or "Big Data/Analytics" in general. CMV
Any belief system that includes the fundamental belief that theft is morally wrong is incompatible with a belief that taxes are right. CMV
I believe creationism and/or Intelligent Design should be discussed alongside evolution in high school biology classes. CMV.
I do not believe that homosexuality is *strictly* congenital. CMV.
I think that taking a vertical video is acceptable in plenty of situations. CMV.
I believe that there is nothing immoral about lolicon (drawn child pornography, mainly in anime and manga) and should be legal in any country that values basic human rights. CMV.
I feel that violence is necessary in certain situations as long as the means do not overwhelm the ends. CMV
In America, "gay rights" is a misnomer.
When someone under 18 commits a crime, charging them as an adult is hypocritical. CMV
Diversity in the hard sciences should neither be encouraged nor discouraged CMV
I whole-heatedly believe that alcoholism stems from brain chemistry that can be altered by inner strength, willpower, and education. CMV
Religious Music Is Inappropriate and Offensive to Play in Stores. CMV.
I don't believe corporations should be treated as persons. CMV.
Adolf Hitler was not the personification of evil he is made out to be, CMV
Youtube commercials and the advertising around it are fucking annoying. CMV.
I believe the Heisman Trophy to be a greater achievement than an Olympic gold medal. CMV.
I believe that Capital Gains tax rate should not apply to windfalls resulting from stock sales, CMV
I believe land ownership should be required to vote in the states. CMV
Only unregulated, free market capitalism can advance human civilization. CMV
I believe that "power + prejudice" is just a definition that people use to try to justify their own racism/sexism. CMV.
Men and women aren't similarly situated during pregnancy and therefore a man cannot "financially abort" a fetus. CMV.
I think that people who cut themselves should not be praised and rewarded for their actions. CMV.
I'm unimpressed with the Pope's efforts to "change" the Catholic Church because of a lack of push to change women's roles in the church.
I feel that the film American History X fails to deliver the message it intends, CMV
Career politicians don't have a deleterious effect on US democracy. CMV.
I don't think there is anything unethical about a company owning rights to seeds or other novel organisms. CMV.
I believe sex offenders should receive absolutely no protection in prison. CMV
I am a latino who looks white and is often more seen as white than hispanic. I do not believe that I experience white privilege because of my latin roots. CMV.
I think the only reason Stephen Hawking is considered a genius is because he is a physicist with a serious illness CMV
I think if you believe we are living in "end times" then you shouldn't be considered a legitimate candidate for office. CMV
I believe persons who traumatize or abuse children are unworthy of life. CMV
Turkey should not be considered a part of Europe. CMV
I believe that Imitation is suicide,please CMV
I don't see the point of attending a dubstep or electronica 'concert'. CMV.
I believe that a person can only be straight, bi, or gay (three sexual orientaions) and that any person who is otherwise wants to be considered "special" CMV
I don't believe black holes exist. CMV
I believe children benefit more from older parents than younger parents. CMV
Even though naive idealism has many shortcomings, too many people act as if problems without effective current solutions (example: child labor in developing nations) aren't problems at all. CMV.
I don't believe that universities are nearly as greedy as they are portrayed. CMV
I believe the circumcision of infants is not only medically unnecessary but also morally and ethically wrong. CMV
[MOD POST] CMV's Best of 2013!
I do not believe that the raising of children should be seen as an innate right, CMV
I think the private copying levy, where it exists, is morally a permission to pirate as much content as I want. CMV.
I don't care that most women find the gaming community to be an "All boys club" and think that it's not my problem and women should just grow thicker skin. CMV.
I believe that women are equal to men CMV
I think formal methods of citing are overly complicated and unnecessary CMV
My mom wants to buy a $300 ring for herself and I think it's selfish. Please, please, PLEASE CMV.
I think the only way the United States can survive as a functioning country into the future is through MAJOR reform to almost every aspect. CMV
I believe that Ernesto "Che" Guevara, despite his flaws was a decent human being and a role model. CMV
I don't think plagiarism is all that bad. CMV.
Current crop of gun control measures are ineffective and counterproductive. CMV
I believe neoliberalism, as the dominant political economy regime of the last 35 years, is responsible for a great deal of the inequality and decreasing social mobility in the USA and the world today. CMV
I think that a simple solution to cyberbullying is blocking bullies or simply powering down the device. CMV
I'm scared that technology can kill human nature / I fear the singularity. CMV (help ease my fears)
I think "guesstimate" is a dumb word, and the people who use it should feel dumb. CMV
I believe everyone should have the same rights regardless of age. CMV
I hate the fact I like fanfiction. CMV
I believe that most Muslims will always view gay male relationships as immoral. CMV.
I think that the promotion of "hands on" learning in science education actually has harmful effects on society as a whole. CMV
I think schools should remove or replace band and choir classes, CMV
I believe euphemisms are a harmful part of language and should be avoided. CMV. [NSFW]
I believe that (a) all police officers on the street should have to wear some sort of video recording device and would lean towards extending that mandate to (b) plain clothes detectives needing to have an audio recording device on them for all interactions with the public.
I think reposts on Reddit are actually good for the website, and complaining about them is a waste of time. CMV.
Patents are, in just about every way, an inferior means of supporting innovation compared to direct funding, CMV.
Football is too dangerous to be a recreational sport for minors, CMV
As an atheist born to generations of Jewish followers, I believe that you can't say I'm technically Jewish (anymore than an "Atheist Christian is technically still Christian) without using inherently religious beliefs in you argument. CMV.
I believe that reddit is too counter-cultural for its own good, causing circlejerking and ideological wars to flourish. CMV.
I believe that belief in a God is equivalent in terms of evidence to almost any fictional character e.g. the tooth fairy CMV
I think people who don't get the flu shot are either misinformed, stupid, or downright assholes (except of course those with medical reasons).
Rockwell's "Somebody's Watching Me" is the best one-hit-wonder of all time. CMV
I think video games turns people decadent CMV
I don't think that the average person has any need to carry a gun, CMV.
I don't believe men should have the right to abandon their child. CMV.
I believe that pieces like Jesus and Santa is white is airing to get ratings. CMV
I believe that "privilege" is something that can only be meaningfully assessed in individuals and not groups CMV
Wives of extremely wealthy men should expect to be cheated on and deserve no sympathy when it happens no matter how good of wives they are. CMV
I believe that charities are bad
I believe life has no intrinsic value and therefore suicide or death shouldn't be a big deal. CMV
As someone Diagnosed with Apsergers Syndrome, Social Anxiety and Depression I think that self medicating with Alcohol is a viable option to live a decent life CMV
I think that after all the innocent killed by US air strikes and other attacks, the most dangerous terrorist group nowadays is the US army themselves. CMV.
I believe the sports journalism industry is only slightly less pathetic than the paparazzi. CMV
[STAR WARS SPOILERS] The emperor's death in Return of the Jedi was entirely his own fault. CMV
I think that both the MRA movement and online feminism have become stale internet ideologies. CMV.
Technology is making it more difficult for us to develop robust interpersonal relationships with one another. CMV
A 19 year old college student may lose limbs after being left on porch for hours in the freezing cold 'following a night drinking.' I don't feel bad for her. CMV.
YouTube should create a system to stop people or groups that make illegitimate content ID claims. CMV.
I think the main reason to object to cars isn't pollution or gasoline, it's the space; the fact that gridlock happens at all is ridiculous. CMV.
Schools should implement comprehensive sex education and hand out free condoms. CMV.
I think Ethan Couch should have been sent to jail. CMV.
If you are campaigning for president and explicitly lie about a topic publicly and you win the presidency you should be impeached and possibly removed from office. CMV
Indian tutors are one of the best pedagogues in the world. CMV.
I believe that softer rulings on crimes is better than long prison sentences
I think mobile application developers should focus on Android over iOS because it has the majority market share. CMV
I think the Men's Rights Movement is just an excuse to talk shit about feminists, and doesn't do anything to actually help men. CMV.
I don't think that SNL "needs" to hire performers of any particular race/gender
I believe outsourcing jobs to countries with little to no worker's rights will be the downfall of the Western world. CMV
The American Family Association is worse than the Westboro Baptist Church. CMV
"New age" / "people-powered" activism still isn't powerful enough to really affect change. CMV.
I believe sports scholarships and exorbitant coach salaries are a complete waste of funds and should be illegal. CMV.
I believe that Free Will is an entirely incoherent concept. CMV.
I believe that alternative education formats like Khan Academy deserve full academic credentials and should be capable of granting credit for work accomplished. CMV
Quantum physics is phlogiston of our age. CMV
I believe it is incorrect to apply Non-Zero-Sum arguments outside of basic theory. CMV
I believe spying on foreign governments helps to avoid excesses by said governments. Please CMV.
I don't think people in prison should get access to free college classes while law-abiding citizens go into debt to get an education. CMV.
I believe that suicide should be legal and the government should provide a painless suicide options to all citizens. CMV.
I believe that no country should have its own army. Rather there should be an International army. CMV
I believe that religion is detrimental to society. CMV
I believe the entire US education system needs a massive overhaul. CMV
I don't like it when something I like becomes popular. CMV
"Should", "Aught", "Deserve", "Duty", and "Meaning", among many others, are lies when used in a serious context, and when unpacked, collapse into incoherency. CMV
I think the so-called "War on Christmas," is utterly absurd. CMV.
I believe that women are attracted to powerful men, and this is a significant cause of violence, exploitation, etc. in the world. CMV.
I believe that shaving with commercial razors (e.g. Gillette Fusion) is better than with safety razors. CMV.
I believe that the NSA does not have ulterior motives in the running of its Surveillance Program - CMV
I believe that the United States should offer a pathway to citizenship for current undocumented immigrants. CMV
I believe that knowledge isn't possible. CMV
The filibuster should be taken out of US Congress. CMV.
I believe Edward Snowden was more deserving than Pope Francis for TIME Magazine POTY. CMV
I believe nuclear disarmament/non-proliferation treaties are impossible. CMV
CMV Sexual relationships should not be assumed to be monogamous, and sex does not mean anything more serious
We should abolish the current school system and replace it with specialized schools for specific career paths. CMV
Cocaine should be legal. CMV
I believe it is better to use the Oxford comma than to leave it out. CMV.
I believe a person who openly speaks about not caring for the less fortunate and someone who advocates for the poor in discussions, but does nothing more to be morally equal, CMV!
Celebrating the differences in men and women is kind of a oxymoron. CMV
I believe U.S. Involvement in Foreign affairs does much more harm than it does good. CMV
I think dentists have a conflict of interest in being both the one that diagnoses tooth decay/cavities and also being the person treating them.
I think schools should focus more on individual work rather than on teamwork. CMV.
I belive cars shouldn't be made to go faster than 65mph. CMV
I believe Pope Francis is not a deserving recipient for Time's Person of The Year. CMV.
I believe anonymity is good for kids, CMV
I don't believe DRM for video games should ever exist, CMV. [Revised Version]
Bloodline marriage is in the exact situation as gay marriage. CMV.
I hear that Plex got Chromecast support today. $30/yr for PlexPass. This totally doesn't seem worth it. CMV?
I think that almost all movie reviews are pointless and in many cases biased. CMV.
[CMV] I feel individuals with mental illnesses who have proven themselves to be a threat to society should be subject to (lifelong/extended length) mandatory medical treatment and imprisonment.
I believe that homework doesn't help students learn or understand a subject. CMV.
I believe that the NSA collecting and monitoring data on US citizens is not that big of a deal. CMV
Breadth of Constitutional Authority [CMV]
Nothing that can't be empirically verified should be held as a belief. CMV.
I think it is unjust when a police officer who kills an unarmed citizen is acquitted for their crimes. CMV
Unmotivated college students would be better off not going to college, and should pursue alternate forms of education. CMV.
Man-made climate change is, at best, hugely exaggerated. CMV.
I'm on the fence about abortion, but more so leaning away from it. CMV.
Obama is being hypocritical and condescending: the American Government Does Not Tolerate Dissent. CMV
The Gospels cannot realistically be considered as a primary source for the events it proposed. CMV
I think Subarus are inferior to Jeeps as off-road vehicles. CMV.
CMV; I think tatto's are rather stupid.
I think electric cars are superior to traditional gas-powered vehicles. CMV.
CMV I believe affirmative action should be based on wealth not race
Broad based spying hinders the effectiveness of crime prevention efforts. CMV
I think "Simple" Living is just a living standard for the lazy. CMV.
I think the popular show The Big Bang Theory is the pinnacle of stupidity. CMV.
I believe that many subjects, and sometimes entire classes, are a waste of time and serve no purpose. CMV
Police officers are disgustingly overpaid CMV
I believe that a cop that kills someone should face an official tribunal to determine if the killing was justified CMV
I believe that over a long period of time, such as 200 years, sex will be completely accepted by humans. CMV
[CMV] I don't think that a soldier AUTOMATICALLY deserves my respect and I don't think I should have to show respect either.
I think logic developed for the purpose of convincing others CMV
No matter how long the human race lasts, simple unwarranted hate will never go away.
I believe that Mother Teresa was a bad person and should not be positively recognized or remembered. CMV.
I believe the world is better off on the whole than it ever has been. CMV
I believe rapping fast is an overrated skill for rappers. CMV
I don't think that Nelson Mandela will be viewed as a hero within 30 years. CMV.
I Believe Being An Extreme Cheapskate Is Pointless CMV
I believe that if women wear low-cut or tight shirts, they shouldn't blame men and shouldn't be angry at men for looking at their boobs. CMV
I believe there's nothing wrong with people living with their parents after college. It's actually a smart thing to do financially. CMV
I Believe That I Should be Able to Hold a Person's Opinion Against Them
I believe that breeding animals in such a way as to promote unhealthy traits is equivalent to animal cruelty, CMV.
I outright hate people who believe that arguing, debating and discussing much is childish, CMV
Canada is better than America, and most Americans' lives would be improved if they were Canadian citizens. CMV
I believe many racial stereotypes are true. Examples: Black people are better at sports than every other race and Asians are better at math than other races. CMV
I believe Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme. CMV
I see the Atheist jokes more elitist than anything, please CMV.
I believe we should be governed by specifically trained scientists, CMV
"Consciousness" must arise solely from the brain. CMV
Indian guy here, I feel Gandhi is given too much importance and limelight today, in a systematic attempt to delete historical importances of other freedom fighters, and raise his status to an unnecessarily saintly level for benefits of obviously related people. CMV.
I don't think Christmas Day should be a federal holiday in the U.S. — CMV.
I don't think industrial state capitalist nations can prevent climate change.
I think my house is haunted: CMV
I believe the current CDC pediatric vaccination schedule exposes children to more risk than benefit. CMV
I think that the recent movement in favor of a $15 minimum wage in the US is a great idea, CMV.
I don't believe cigarettes cause cancer. CMV
I think that Homosexuality is a result of that person's environment. CMV
People say that humanity is killing the Earth. I disagree, CMV.
I'm beginning to think that free will is impossible. CMV
I believe that deportation should be used much more than it is. CMV.
CMV to be fat is to be lazy and/or lack self control.
I believe it is drastically harder for a skinny person to gain weight than it is for a fat person to lose weight. CMV
I believe Nelson Mandela was a great leader and the role he played in shaping South Africa is noble CMV.
The USA should drop the charges against Edward Snowden. CMV
Corporal punishment is a lazy and ineffective method of discipline, and parents who use it as their primary method are abusive. CMV
At the time it was awarded to him, Barack Obama was wholly undeserving of a Nobel Peace Prize. CMV.
Capitalism is a failing economic system in America. CMV
Even if my privacy is being violated by the NSA, it doesn't matter because my personal information will almost certainly never be looked at. CMV.
I believe that there is nothing wrong with GMOs and that they actually can benefit our society, CMV
I believe that lorries should not be allowed on the road during rush hour (6-10am, 4-8pm). CMV.
I believe any product, whether physical or software, should be open source. CMV
CMV all companies should be public
I believe that american use of chemical weapons in Vietnam is perfectly justified, CMV
I believe that people who complain about gaming DLC are just complaining for the sake of complaining. CMV
The United States is moving towards facism CMV
The top of the front page should be reserved for 5 links to substantial news/analysis stories (preferably those overlooked by mainstream media) chosen by a community-elected group of editors. CMV.
I believe that despite having devastating consequences, austerity measures are the only solution for struggling European economies, Portugal in particular. Please CMV.
I think most western countries (the US &amp; EU) have only little to no culture left. CMV
I believe that Australia should become a republic. CMV
As an average heterosexual male I believe that courting/chasing modern women is a waste of time CMV
I do not believe genders beyond male and female exist and I believe people who say they are something else are doing it to be different or rebellious. CMV.
I believe that Yoga pants are unattractive because of the lack of effort they exemplify as well as their impracticality. CMV.
I don't believe bisexuality is an actual orientation. CMV.
I think it would be better for the US if we divided our political parties up, like Europe. CMV.
I don't believe shark fin soup should be banned, CMV.
I believe anti-depressants change who you are as a person rather than fix you to the way you should be. CMV.
Everything that happens is either predetermined, random, or a mixture of both, therefore the very concept of a free will is impossible in our universe. CMV
if there is a Christian (Catholic) God; he cruel. CMV
I believe that healthcare is a basic human right and should be provided by the government to everyone. CMV.
I believe that characterizing certain foods as being part of a national cuisine is completely reasonable. CMV.
I think that the social acceptance of alcohol is sickening given the fact that it's more detrimental to your health than marijuana. CMV.
I think parents don't love their children equally. CMV
I feel like our current political system is a corrupt managed democracy that is past the point of no return and nothing short of mass dissolution/revolution can fix it. CMV.
I don't believe in reincarnation CMV
People on shows talking about their life problems are all just attention seekers. CMV.
I believe that it is selfish to have children when one considers what is in store for the world. CMV.
I believe depression is self-inflicted, you can pull yourself up by your bootstraps and need to do exactly that. CMV.
People who call themselves "agnostics" don't understand the term, CMV.
Although I am technically a racist, I do not consider this to be a problem. CMV.
I believe that debate over abortion eventually comes down to whether a fetus is a person or not, cmv.
I believe that despite good intentions, Sea Shepherd's actions are no different than ocean piracy and the Japanese would be justified using deadly force in self defense. CMV
In a crowded, urban environment, umbrellas are inefficient and rude. Buy a goddamn slicker with a hood. CMV
I believe smartwatches now are the palm PCs of the late 90s, CMV
I believe people need to be banned from eating meat. CMV.
CMV, I don't believe there is real wage gap between men and women.
Living in a desirable area, such as a large, culturally important metropolis like New York City, is a privilege, not a right. CMV.
I firmly believe fascism is far left, not far right, CMV
I think that standardized tests are a waste of time and resources. CMV.
CMV I believe that the Federal Reserve has been history's greatest fraud from it's conception and needs to be abolished
I don't believe that I should be forced do help the poor just because their alive. CMV
I wholeheartedly believe our society is slowly headed in the direction of Aldous Huxley's "Brave New World". CMV
I think university level testing should not be timed, at penalty to the test taker. CMV
I don't believe that otherkin is an actual thing, CMV
I think that it makes more sense that Adam came from Eve. CMV.
It's unnecessary selfish to kill animals for meat, CMV.
i believe in zero gun control. CMV
CMV. Agnosticism is the most logical view to hold while atheism and theism are both equally absurd beliefs.
I think the world is becoming shallower, in particular youth culture. CMV
I think that presenting gay marriage as a human rights issue is disingenuous. CMV
I think men and women should seek out inter-racial relationships first (at least in the US). CMV
I don't see the problem with "cherry-picking" your views CMV
I think the penalties for simple, avoidable mistakes while driving should be more harsh. CMV
I believe that abortion is only morally permissible if the mother's life is in immediate danger. I believe that it should be criminal in any other circumstance. CMV
I believe that Pope Francis's focus on love over judgement will significantly decrease the number of practicing Catholics. CMV.
I think people that eat pizza with a knife and a fork are scum. CMV
I know that there is no god. CMV.
I don't think a vast majority of the world actually believes in a God CMV.
I think judging video games by review scores is not a good way to find good games. CMV.
I only tip Waiters and Barbers. CMV
Since 1960 the most charismatic candidate has won every presidential general election. CMV.
I believe the taboo surrounding paedophilia needs to stop. CMV
I do not believe in the 1969 American Moon Landing CMV
I should buy Litecoins right now. CMV.
CMV I think that if you "live your life by the Bible" then you should follow all of the rules laid out for you, not just the ones that sound nice or are convenient.
I believe that liberal christianityccomes from stubborness or/and little reflection over yourc own views. CMV
I believe Mandela was a freedom fighter when he committed his violent actions and not a terrorist, CMV.
I think it is ridiculous for one ethnic group to be indebted to another based on the actions of people who've been dead for hundreds of years.
I believe that Obamacare is essential to the US's healthcare future. CMV
Job elimination is a good thing. CMV.
I think the libertarian notion that the government should only provide police and military services and that the rest should be handled by the free market is delusional. CMV
There is nothing good about a Congressmen bringing jobs/money into his district when funds come from taxes. CMV
I believe that 'Virginity' as a concept is wrong and can often be harmful, and should be changed. CMV [NSFW]
For all the people that believe in Free Market...how is the end game not a hopelessly deadlocked monopoly.
I do not believe it matters whether or not there is a God or gods. CMV.
I think women have it easier overall
Love doesn't exist. CMV.
Writing ITT in reddit threads is either aggressive or pointless CMV
There is no special destiny for humanity, and we will all die on this rock. CMV
I believe the current education system should stay that way. CMV
There is no good reason for the US Senate to equally represent states at the exclusion of any other partition of the American electorate. CMV (warning: wall of text).
I don't believe in having a "soul". CMV!
I don't believe any value should be placed on objections to art, opinions, nor speech, solely on the ground that it is offensive - unless the intent was to cause distress. CMV
I'd like to say I don't believe in slut shaming, but I don't agree in slut pride. CMV
I think A.L.E.C. shouldn't be legal.
I think species conservation and environment conservation is the biggest waste of money- CMV
If the min. wage goes up, I feel most others should receive equal raises as well. CMV
Toxicity in LoL breeds a more competitive environment. CMV.
I don't see what's so rewarding about having children. CMV.
I believe that virgin shaming and the culture of it is more harmful than slut shaming. CMV
Fat-shaming is a healthy and beneficial social practice. CMV
I think Japan is culturally fucked in the head
I believe if someone commits a horrible crime while "Mentally Ill" if they were truly cured they wouldn't be able to live with the horrors they have caused.
I think America is failing and that living here is a mistake.
The US needs to upgrade its passenger rail system. CMV.
Any argument in favor of space exploration is even more valid for exploring Earth's oceans. CMV
I believe that revenge is a form of justice.
I think Cigarettes, Cigars, Pipe tobacco and any other device that causes second hand smoke should be banned. CMV.
As a woman, I have less respect for women who do not return to work after having a baby than I do for those who do. CMV.
I believe that sports should be more harsh in their punishments (including month or year long bans), specifically in punishments for something very unsportsmanlike CMV.
I believe that colleges and universities should only offer degrees in classic fields, and that everything else should be taught through on-the-job training. CMV
I think religious people are incapable of logical thought, CMV
I think that going to vote is a waste of time. CMV.
I believe that the relationship of between Jax and Opie, characters in 'Sons of Anarchy' is the best dramatic interpretation of heterosexual male relationship in its fullness. CMV
I believe free solo climbing is just incredibly foolish and the people who do it do not appreciate life as much as they should. CMV
There shouldn't be a separation of genders in society, especially in basic things like different toilets, without which a great step would be taken for the end of gender discrimination. CMV
I think the Aaron Swartz case should have gone to some kind of trial. CMV
I think Bitcoins will never be a widespread consumer currency that rivals traditional money. CMV
I believe people should expected to treat their privacy as they we expect them to treat their finances. CMV
Tacit consent is philosphically illegitimate. CMV
$15 is too high a demand for fast food workers. CMV
'Pink is not the problem' arguments about gender roles are completely off target CMV
You say you're for equality but I don't think you quite understand what that means, CMV
I think prostitution should be legal, CMV?
Rape culture doesn't exist, it's just a combination of other bad parts about society. CMV
If you benefit from resource extraction based economy then you cannot condemn fracking. If you want to protest fracking the true way to protest is to not consume...
Students are students, and should not be considered customers in the traditional sense. CMV.
I have no respect for people who are against nuclear power. CMV.
I believe that Performance Enhancing Drugs (and all other forms of performance enhancement) in sports should be banned. CMV
The only people who really understand political decisions are educated economists and political scientists. The rest of us are voting on rhetorics and good looks. CMV
Grammar nazis are important, as they prevent our language from becoming confusing and diverging in unwanted ways CMV.
There is no consciousness after death. CMV.
I think the Paleo diet is ridiculous. CMV
I think the US deserved 9/11 CMV
I believe that Paul Walker is being unfairly treated as a really good guy, CMV
I want to get a vasectomy. CMV
I believe that global vegetarianism/veganism is both economically impossible and ecologically irresponsible. CMV
Free market/ open market Capitalism is very dangerous. As companies buyout competitors, more and more of what we use will be owned by fewer and fewer.
I believe that if Wal-Mart started paying their employees 15 dollars an hour, 95% of those employees would be out of a job in 6 months. CMV
Desktops and laptops are not going away anytime soon, despite fewer sales. CMV.
Viewing an image of a crime does not "re-victimize" the victim.
I believe that America has a right to be this paranoid; CMV.
I believe stealing isn't wrong if it's from big, rich corporations, and I think more people should do it. CMV
I believe that if politicians were honest and did not get overpaid, embezzle money, reap disproportionate benefits for life, etc., either a conservative or liberal economic system would be effective. CMV.
I'm financially stable, but I don't intend to give to charity until I'm older and have gathered even more money. CMV.
The state is illegitimate because it incorrectly assumes that organizations can give rights to individuals that no automomous individual posseses. CMV
I don't care about the environment. The human race is going extinct, it's just a matter of time, and it's not going to happen within my lifetime. CMV
I believe the pope is getting way too much credit for doing what any pope is supposed to do, CMV
I believe that people opposed to abortion on the grounds that fetuses count as people are morally obligated to resort to terrorism. CMV.
I believe closed note testing is unnecessary and unrealistic. (CMV)
I believe mental illnesses arise from first world lifestyles. CMV
I think Ip Man is one of the worst Kung Fu movies of all time. CMV
I don't believe that statuatory rape is morally reprehensible. CMV
I believe english should be the official language of the US. CMV.
I'm a nihilist PLEASE CMV.
Capital Punishment Needs to be Abolished. CMV
I believe the microwave has negatively impacted society. CMV
I believe that requiring students to "show their work" on basic algebra problems serves no purpose and is essentially accusing the student of cheating. CMV.
The ex-French colonies are being a mess. The French rule was a slow-motion genocide while the British colonies were left with the chance to develop and thrive. CMV
If I was raped or sexually assaulted I probably wouldn't report it... Care to CMV?
I think that someone who has a brain tumor and commits murder should not be convicted of their crime if the tumor has caused personality changes. CMV.
I think Comic Sans is just fine. CMV
I believe that the United States was in WW2 to protect the rights of all people to life and liberty.
Calling someone a scrooge for not celebrating Christmas or the holidays is wrong and can be considered shaming. CMV.
I am an IT Professional with 11+ years of experience - I think Bachelor's Degrees are a waste of time for me. CMV.
I think cosplayers like Jessica Nigri might as well be considered porn stars, CMV
College student should be allowed to test together
I don't think only blacks should be allowed to use the N word. CMV
I believe that the feminist movement should change its name to a more gender neutral name. CMV
I support abortion rights, but the "woman's right to her own body" argument I usually hear is the wrong argument to make. CMV
I think the Pledge of Allegiance is propaganda at its finest. CMV
i see taxation as theft
I don't think marine pollution, even in a worst-case scenario, can have huge negative effects on human society (unlike air or freshwater pollution), CMV.
I believe that there should be no religious (or other) exemptions from child abuse/neglect and child healthcare laws and requirements. CMV
I don't think that certain jokes necessarily trivialize rape and I don't think rape culture exists. CMV.
Literally all superstition is a result of fear. CMV.
A believe art is highly overvalued. CMV
I believe racism is all but dead in modern America CMV
I think that Indian mascots/logos are offensive and should not be allowed. CMV
I feel that the argument about homosexuality being found in nature does not apply to the topic (though I support gay marriage). CMV.
I am a Nazi (in the traditional sense) and believe there is a superior group of people. CMV
I do not believe there are significant negatives to my online activity being tracked for advertising purposes. CMV.
I believe that assistance aimed at improving the standard of living in developing nations is wrong. CMV
I believe in the Axiom of Causality on a scientific basis. CMV.
The secularization of Christmas is as much cultural appropriation as anything. CMV
Walmart's Hoard of Cash is a Good Thing CMV
i see nothing wrong with letting your children be photographed my artists like Sally Mann, even in the event that pedos enjoy it more than most. CMV
From a graphic design standpoint Reddit is one of the ugliest websites ever made.
I believe that introverted guys, especially those who work a lot or study a lot with little to no dating/sex experience in their 20s, will never end up dating a cute, outgoing, socially extroverted girl. CMV
I Think the quality of life in America has been going up and down repeatedly since the 30's. CMV.
In any situation where it's ok to hit a wimpy guy it's also ok to hit a girl, and society disagrees. CMV
I believe that the moral and political decay in the west has been directly caused by the demonization and fall of religion in the West. CMV
I do not believe in free will. CMV
CMV Twerking is the worst thing man kind has ever created
Fascism might actually be a logical progression from democracy, and the Italian futurists were right.
[CMV] Bitcoin's current success is connected to a fatal flaw.
I believe violent video games do not cause nearly as much violence as the media portrays. CMV
I think people constantly die throughout their "life," which makes attachment to the longterm irrelevant. CMV.
I believe I should not stay friends with someone who purposefully upsets me, even if that friendship is valuable. CMV
Any post that has "Don't upvote" in the title should be considered against redditquette and spam, and should be summarily down voted. CMV
in a world where we have those disgusting child pageants and say they're not abuse because "the kid wants to do it" i honestly see nothing wrong with letting your kids do solo CP. CMV
I think people who jerk it to that MLP/clopclop shit and anime are fucked up. CMV
The green initiative is a lost cause. CMV.
I believe that family is more important than friends and romantic partners. CMV
I believe that politicians should not receive a salary nor monetary compensation of any other kind. CMV.
I don't believe any state has any rights. CMV.
Solipsism through simulation theory. CMV.
Third generation feminists have yet to do much good/much of anything important and a significant portion have been detrimental to equality. CMV
I Think That Bitcoin Is Unsustainable and Will Fall Precipitously. CMV
I believe a dictatorship could be positive
I think that people who aren't the affected minority should freely use(or at all) derogatory terms for that minority group. CMV
I believe that maturity of the person should influence the sentencing of a crime and not their age.
Peopke who refer to the ACA/Affordable Care Act as Obamacare sound inherently less intelligent and less informed simply by calling it that. CMV
I think that /r/TheRedPill has some good points and is onto something. I feel terrible about this CMV?
"Nothing matters but we matter to each other"-- this seems irrefutable to me and from this it can be inferred that Kim Kardashian has more epistemological value than other 'higher quality' people, CMV
I don't believe any state has the right to its own sovereignty. CMV
I believe that as intellectuals, we need to not only work on our minds and bodies, but our 'spirituality' as well. CMV
I believe iron fertilization of the oceans is not as bad as it's made up to be. CMV
I think that the idea that analyzing jokes is somehow misunderstanding them is ridiculous. CMV
While people should be concerned with both, I think environmental issues are fundamentally more important than economic issues. CMV.
If you kill someone you should receive the death penalty. CMV
I believe government should force speed limiters on all sold cars. CMV.
If the Twin Towers had been brought down by explosives, there would be near universal outcry amongst demo experts and engineers CMV
I believe reddit reflects a small minority that deviates from the rest of the OUTSIDE world. CMV
If you work food service, you have no valid complaint about working on a holiday. CMV
I don't believe taking a human life is inherently wrong. CMV
I believe voluntary euthanasia should be an option given to all citizens of stable mind, CMV.
I don't have any problem with the NSA using ones Porn history to discredit a Jihadist with his own people CMV
I don't believe any country that prohibits free egress has the right to its own sovereignty. CMV
America would've been better off with a Millet system than a State system. CMV
"in the post-9/11 world..." is a cliched phrase used to excuse the most egregious forms of oppressive policy.. try to CMV
Population owned guns only increase civil fatalities while their use as a mean of eventually defending against an oppressing Government is highly outdated, so guns owned by people are one of the major evils in society. CMV
I think your sexual proclivities, like your penis and your religious views, should be kept to yourself unless asked to share. CMV
I believe forcing companies to "give more" is a horrible mistake and will never happen. People should be looking at solutions that cause companies to want to give more. CMV
I am against my SO's use of marijuana. CMV
I think all publicly traded corporations should be required by law to have at least 50% worker representation on the board of directors. CMV
I feel no moral responsibility to be vegetarian or vegan. CMV.
I believe alcohol is only as 'evil' as a knife...CMV
I think a federal postal service is not necessary. CMV
I think it's wrong that people get special treatment under the law for being a member of an "oppressed" group. CMV
I believe my dislike for rap music makes me racist. CMV.
I beleive that privatization is good but too much, like prisions; can be bad, (some libertarian) CMV
There should be an amendment to prevent government shutdowns by mandating that a budget always be passed. CMV
I believe the NSA should be abolished. CMV.
Views that don't/shouldn't have an opposing side to argue are still acceptable for /r/changemyview. CMV.
Anyone who supports drug prohibition has not thought the issue through to its logical conclusion. CMV
A government subsidized suicide pill would fix many problems in USA, CMV.
I believe the vast majority of police brutality cases could be prevented if the "victim" had just followed the cop's orders. CMV
I believe the vast majority of jobs in modern society are bullshit jobs, ie of no value to anybody (and actually harmful). CMV
I think to form a fair society we'd have to give up familys CMV
I think people who go racing in at 12:00AM on Black Friday to buy goods are low-life cheapskates. CMV.
I find absolutely nothing wrong at all with the adult industry, CMV
I believe totalitarian based ideologies, such as communism, restrict the growth of countries that would otherwise flourish with minimal intervention. CMV
People would be happier and more genuine if we were "drunk" all the time. CMV
I think Wikipedia is a very reliable source. CMV
I don't believe that art can be morally tainted by the actions of its creators CMV.
I believe the 'knockout game' is being blasted by the media to further divide race relations CMV
I believe that a joke is only offensive if it is unfunny. As long as it makes people laugh, I believe the subject matter is irrelevant CMV
Pleading guilty or not guilty should have the same level of believability. CMV.
I think that the latter half of the commonly heard "socially liberal but fiscally responsible" is nonsensical because it usually just means "balance the checkbook", and that's about as useful as claiming to be anti-evil and pro-good. CMV.
My brother should not join the Marines. CMV
I am jealous of my friends, please CMV
I do not think that homosexuality is pre-determined and unchangeable. CMV
I think that "A Woman's RIGHT to FREE contraception" is the stupidest idea espoused by a majority of Reddit users. CMV.
College is worth it. CMV
Bitcoin is not a currency more than Visa or MasterCard are. BTC’s “investors” are buying “shares” into a decentralized anonymous electronic payment system. CMV
I think the Baby Boomers are the worst generation ever. CMV.
I don't believe it is necessary to know the names of historical presidents. CMV
A world religions class should be taught in public and private school compulsory to graduate highschool CMV
CMV - I believe Detroit should be placed under martial law and their bonds seized through eminent domain
Anyone who denies Climate change or Evolution is either ignorant of is being paid to say so. CMV.
I believe well-being is a pure biological process, and reaching it may involve breaking society's fundamentals. CMV.
I believe politicians, corporations, and the ultra-rich have reached a level of corruption that nothing short of violence can resolve I really need someone to CMV.
I would pull the lever in the Trolley Problem. CMV.
I don't think that cockroaches are anything to freak out about. If you don't lose your shit and scream about ladybugs or moths, you shouldn't freak out over cockroaches. CMV.
People cheering on Bitcoin's "success" don't understand how currency works. CMV
I believe water is an "universal right" CMV
I believed quotas for more women in higher management are pointless and discriminating, CMV
I do not believe in the death penalty CMV
A person who feels suicidal only because of mental illness is still perfectly valid in their feelings. CMV
I believe a bad parking job is not sufficient proof that someone is an asshole. CMV.
I believe women are only interested in men for their suitability for support/protection, and nothing else. Please, please, please CMV.
I think the incentives are such that the DEA has absolutely no interest in "winning" the war on drugs. CMV
I believe that the 2003 Invasion of Iraq was legally justified CMV
I think that "conspiracy theorists" who believe in many coverups are not only delusional, but they're also contradicting their own logic. CMV
I Love the NSA!
I believe that violence by men against women isn't any worse than other forms of violence
Ideologies (socialism, capitalism, feminism as examples) inhibit true reasoned debate, and followers of ideologies by default have a confirmation bias, CMV
I believe Reddit, as a microcosm, is more bigoted, sexist, and racist than the macrocosm that is society.
I believe Democrats' supposed concern for minorities is a ruse to keep them poor and dependent on government. CMV
I believe that people who are financially successful but still spend long hours at work enjoy their career more than they enjoy their hobbies or spending time with their family. CMV
I think some women overreact to the trauma caused by Sexual Assaults and Rape. CMV.
I believe that large families of 4 or more children are the most economical per child, the best for helping to mold children into responsible adults, and endangered because people believe in the debatable concept of over population CMV.
Linguistic prescription is snobbery and wrong. CMV
I believe that adopting a guaranteed minimum income for all citizens is a good thing, CMV.
I don't think the President of the United States' life is that important. CMV
I believe that BitCoin will be a spectacular failure. CMV
I believe lasting peace will only occur once we have destroyed the other civilisations of the world and replace them with our own. CMV
I believe the feminist campaign against using the word bitch is ridiculous. CMV
I believe the best form of argument is the one where opposing sides hold fast until conclusively stopped by firm and unshakable logic.
U.S. high school graduates should be required to take a gap year prior to applying to or enrolling in college. CMV
There is no such a thing as race within the species of Homo sapiens. CMV
I think the world would be a better place if it were a green truly free market system w/ a strong safety net and a more limited government role devoid of most laws and regulations CMV (LONG &amp; DETAILED)
I believe that the average work week should be 32 hours or 4 days a week. CMV.
I do not believe the proposed internet filters in Britain deserve MOST of the hype they get. CMV
I believe there's an uncertainty component in delayed gratification. CMV.
I believe that the general public are ambivalent about politics, and are being walked all over as a result. CMV
I believe the basement-dweller male stereotype actually has no solution in terms of relationships and sex. CMV
I believe that the higher education system in this country (USA) is flawed and we should focus more on our individual interests/passions/talents versus being "well rounded". CMV.
I support the use of drone strikes (except in cases of using it on American citizens). CMV.
I believe classifying media as a whole is both lazy and wrong, CMV
I believe "Netspeak" is an enrichment of the english language. CMV.
I believe people in the First World work too much, CMV.
I think college sports rivalries are stupid and so are the people who get caught up in them. CMV.
I think the US is on the wrong track when it comes to wars, and here's why. CMV.
Down votes change views CMV
I believe that Reddit is Anti-Semitic. CMV.
I think all public High/Middle/Elementary schools should be a year long school year.CMV
Other than storage capacity and price, I don't see any advantage of hard drives over SSDs. Once SSDs become cheap enough, they will take over desktop/laptop storage and hard drives will become obsolete outside of large scale computing and backup. CMV.
I think Christmas is one of the worst holidays. CMV
I'm not confident Global Warming can be averted, and as a result we should concentrate on isolated biospheres &amp; getting off this planet, CMV.
I believe one of the best ways to help education (and the economy) in the US is to hire psychologists and therapists to work with underprivileged children. CMV
I think "gamers" are mostly entitled, insecure children. CMV
Congress should pass a new Homestead Act. CMV
My friend is African-American. CMV.
I believe that whiteness exists on a continuum. It is faulty logic to say that there is a hard line between "white people" and "people of color". CMV.
I believe that public schools should not have images or discussions about Christmas. CMV.
we live in a white supremacist, patriarchal, heteronormative, capitalist, imperialist society. and all of these converge to keep a particular class of people in power. CMV.
I'm terrified of dying. CMV.
I believe every bar that serves hard liquor should be required to have a breathalyzer/s that patrons have easy access to. CMV.
I believe that motive shouldn't be taken into account in murder trials. CMV
I believe the NFL's new rules regarding violent or unnecessary hits will change the game for the worse. CMV
I don't think modern art is "lazy".CMV
I'm terrified that Humanity hasn't got long left. CMV
I believe that I am the only person that exists. CMV.
I think paywalls on newspaper websites are counterproductive and a bad tactic. CMV.
Cinemas should stop selling popcorn. CMV.
I think we will soon reach the limit of what technology can accomplish and cannot invent our way out of our problems anymore. CMV
The construction of a space elevator will solve the global financial crisis. CMV.
I think adding fluoride to public water is good CMV
I think cultural issues such as gay rights, gender equality, and body image get far too much discussion on the internet relative to more important economic issues. CMV.
I think it's bullshit that anything (except for emergency services) are open on Thanksgiving. It's an American holiday to be celebrated with family and be thankful for what you have, not for mindless, consumer-whore shopping sprees. CMV
I believe people working on Thanksgiving can simply hold their holiday meal on a different day and it won't/shouldn't lose any meaning. CMV.
I believe too little people read or know Chesterton, and this is very unfortunate. CMV
I believe that voice control for computers is a useless gimmick. CMV.
CMV that NZ asset sales are a bad idea
I believe that straight white males are significantly worse dancers than all other groups due to a suppression of self-expression that is relatively recent. CMV
I think it's ridiculous that a 19-year-old can be jailed and labelled a sex offender for having consensual sex with a 16-year-old. CMV
The American people have little to no impact on high end government issues and haven't had an impact since the civil rights moment in the 1950s and 1960s. Making protests nowadays pointless. CMV.
Gentrification is desirable - CMV
I believe feminism would be much more successful in their pursuit for gender equality if they understood, acknowledged, and validated men's issues. CMV
I believe that the deaths of our loved ones should be celebrated and not mourned, CMV!
I believe public welfare does more harm than good. CMV
I believe that interracial marriage and breeding is good for humanity and perhaps the greatest hope for world peace. CMV
I'm convinced Osama Bin Laden was a paid actor. CMV
I don't think Transgender issues should be included under the LGBT umbrella. CMV
I don't believe asexuality (and its variations such a demisexual) should be included in the LGBT legal causes CMV.
As far as types of "privilege," the privilege from having money and being attractive do more to influence how people see you than any other kind. CMV
I believe that increasing global wealth should take priority over combating global warming, CMV
I believe that climate change is not a big deal for the long term welfare of humanity. CMV
I Don't Believe That Iran's Nuclear Program Threatens Israel: CMV
I believe those sentenced to life in prison should simply be executed. CMV.
I think that withholding sex while remaining in an exclusive committed relationship is as serious as a transgression as cheating is. CMV.
The taboo on talking about money in social situations is silly. CMV.
I feel like I am endorsing Taylor Swift's homophobia and slut shaming by enjoying her music CMV.
I believe that the anti-spiritual views of the common atheist are more of a knee-jerk reaction to religions perceived betrayal and may be negative to our development CMV
I believe that you should read a book before watching it's movie adaptation. CMV
I believe Stephen Hawking is a mediocre scientist who gets overwhelming credit because of his "disabled genius" status. CMV
I believe women who decide to hit like a man should be treated like a man. CMV.
A stereotypical "teenage girl" baby sitter makes a disservice to our society and promotes racism. CMV
I believe the AE911TRUTH doc has a strong case for a new investigation by the US government? CMV
I believe that pizza is a kind of sandwich. CMV.
I don't think NPR isn't as "unbiased" as people make it out to be. Just look at who listens to it. CMV.
I think the majority of people is always wrong and, thus, the outcome of any democratically-based vote is also probably wrong. CMV.
I believe that if two people go on a first date and they both know there won't be a second date, the man should not feel obligated to pay the check by himself and there's nothing wrong with splitting the check. CMV
I think society would be much better if we stopped taking sex so seriously
I believe that polygamy should be legal. CMV.
I think blue balls is a myth. CMV.
I believe the best system would be a basic income, and don't understand why it hasn't already been implemented. CMV
I think that people who go around trying to convince people that God doesn't exist are no better than religious evangelicals. CMV
A politician's private life IS relevant, and is indicative of how well he will serve his electorate. CMV.
I believe that the Extensible Markup Language (XML) serves no genuinely useful or beneficial purpose. CMV.
"Your Kink Is Not My Kink But Your Kink Is Okay." I disagree. Moreover, I think it's dangerous. CMV.
[CMV] Penmanship should not be taught/compulsory in school
I completely do not at all understand the appeal of Game of Thrones. CMV
I think that creationism should be banned from being taught in school, even in private schools. CMV.
I believe that saying "bless you" when people sneeze serves no purpose and feeling like you have to say it is annoying. CMV.
I believe that all people who are opposed to the theory of evolution don't understand what evolution is. CMV
I am a moral anti-realist, that is I don't believe there is any objective morality of any kind.
[CMV] The GOP has transitioned from a national majority party to a national permanent minority party as of redistricting in '10.
Strong environmental protection is compatible with minarchy. CMV
I believe that school zones (specifically around high schools) should be removed because they aren't protecting anyone who needs protecting. CMV
If publishing companies want to stay relevant and profitable in the digital era, they should start offering e-versions of a book for free with the physical copy. CMV
If Virginia voters don't register under political parties, neither should the candidates. CMV
JFK is only considered a great president and held in high regard because he was assassinated. CMV.
SEX! Now that pregnancy is voluntarily avoidable, I feel sex should be totally alright between absolutely any two consenting people. CMV
I don't think plastic surgery should be stigmatized. CMV
I think the mentally ill smoke to regulate their breathing CMV
Student loans should have a cap , based on a realistic estimate of near future income . CMV
I think that 'thin privilege' is the same as 'smart privilege' and subsequently should be accepted.
I believe that there is no moral difference between eating meat and committing murder. CMV
[CMV] Iran having nuclear weapons is not a bad thing.
I believe the U.S. should lower the voting age to 14. CMV
A friend of mine is having an affair with a guy in a relationship; I think the ethical thing to do is tell his girlfriend; CMV
I'm not homophobic, but I think stereotypical gay culture is horrendously annoying, CMV
I don't feel sorry for people who have to work Thanksgiving/Christmas/etc at retail stores. CMV
I believe that there is absolutely nothing wrong with using swear words in conversation or in written form. CMV
I believe elderly people's dificuties in understanding technology is down to stubbornness and laziness, and not a generational gap issue. Please CMV
I think that banning child labor in poor nations will do more harm than good. CMV
I am terrified of AI and I think humans shouldn't try making one. CMV
Not opposing *all* forms of circumcision is immoral. CMV.
I consider online dating and dating websites to be for quitters and people are taking the easy way out. CMV
I believe that (unconstitutional) border patrol is a legit measure against terrorist risk. US citizens are giving them too much flak. CMV.
Customer service reps who are required to read at me from a script leave me feeling not served, but annoyed. CMV.
I dont think anyone can cause anyone else to commit suicide. CMV
Introverts need to grow up and stop blaming everyone else for their social problems. CMV
I think most Game of Thrones viewers who haven't read the books have very little idea of what's going on.
Foreign labor should only be allowed from countries with wages similar to your own - CMV
I think that if you say that 'studies show XYZ' you should link to a relevant study CMV
I don't believe that Human Resources Departments serve a greater good in today's modern company. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with pre-ordering games. In fact, I think it just makes sense for most consumers. CMV.
I Believe that the Christian God as described in the Bible is unworthy of worship and people only do so because of the promised reward, which shows how easily corruptible people are. CMV
I suspect that trisodium phosphate is environmentally friendly. CMV.
I believe a person shouldn’t intervene in a suicide, CMV.
I find the word "faggot" a highly offensive slur, and carries a lot of oppression and discrimination behind it. CMV.
I believe young people who take up smoking fully aware of the risks do not deserve access to taxpayer-funded healthcare for smoking-related ailments. CMV
I believe overweight cops should be required to either lose weight or be fired. CMV.
(american) Football will not exist as an organized sport within my lifetime. CMV.
I don't think that professional athletes should make as much money as they do now. CMV.
I believe that polygamy is fundamentally different from homosexuality, and should remain illegal. CMV.
The United States of America is the 'indispensable nation.' Humanism will fail or achieve hegemony throughout the world (in the near to medium term) based on the failure or success of The United States. [CMV]
I believe, "extreme couponing" is selfish and wrong when you are only stockpiling for your own family. CMV.
I think everyone should learn to write right-handed, except those who write Arabic etc, who should all learn to write left-handed. CMV.
I think gangs/organized crime groups like the Aryan Brotherhood &amp; Crips need to be classified as terrorist organizations and all members hunted down and arrested. CMV
I Believe Hard Copies Hold No Advantage To EBooks. CMV
I believe needle exchange programs should be banned or discouraged
Given that equality is a fundamental value of society, everyone should receive equal quality of medical treatment even if they cannot afford it. CMV
Since switching to PC, I now believe PC almost always the superior platform for gaming beyond the causal level, CMV
I'm skipping my graduation ceremony for Uni as I will be travelling and I don't feel I will gain value from returning for it. CMV
I believe that the "Casual vs Hardcore" argument in gaming is fundamentally the same as the "Feminists vs Gaming" argument CMV
I believe that people who commit suicide are selfish, and don't realize the implications of life after they are gone. CMV
I believe that telling morbidly obese girl that everyone is beautiful and that they don't need to change is encouraging laziness and unhealthiness. CMV
CMV I do not believe that a pharmacist at CVS/Walgreens etc deserves to make 100k+ a year. CMV.
I believe that the economy doesn't have to constantly grow, and that holding onto the belief that it does is detrimental to everyone's future. CMV
I believe, for better or worse, our federal government is operating exactly the way it should.
Zunes were never cool. CMV.
I believe the majority of people are inherently opposed to changing their viewpoint, and will more often shy away from a debate than to actually question or defend their own beliefs. CMV
I believe that Christmas in the United States is fundamentally a Christian holiday despite being celebrated by many non-Christians and completely commercialized. CMV
I believe many environmental laws are setting back the development of the third world. CMV.
I think that people should be required to consent to the possibility of contraceptives failing before consenting to sex. CMV
I am a vegetarian that believes that there is nothing morally wrong with abortion. I've been called a hypocrite because of this - so CMV
I believe that professional porn stars and prostitutes (both sexes) are the same, and since one is legal, they both should be.
I think that swear words are pointless. CMV
I have almost full-faith in the United States government and other world governments. CMV
I think sexting is never a good idea. CMV
The jurisdictions in the US needs to be completely overhauled.
I believe that, as a general rule, the State deserves no say over choices parents make for their children CMV.
I think displaying a body at a funeral is disrespectful. CMV
I think r/relationships should require accounts to be at least 1 month old to submit questions so there are less troll posts. CMV
The United States should retaliate against Chinese Cyber-Attacks. CMV
Attempted murder should carry the same punishment as murder. CMV
I think governments should own core utilities.
I feel like Autism is over-diagnosed. My son carries a diagnosis of autism, and I feel like his diagnosis is inappropriate. CMV.
The more I study political science and economics the more it seems that the public really has no idea what they're talking about. It leads me to believe a government truly responsive to the will of the people will eventually fail.
Birth rates worldwide are falling not because of education, but because economic maturity is delayed to the mid 30s. CMV.
CMV. A martyr is fool used for political or ideological gain and not a hero for his/her cause.
I don't think astronauts are any braver than a bungie-jumper CMV
I believe making the conscious choice to have a child is morally reprehensible.
CMV- Parents who teach their children to hate should be charged with abuse
I mistrust and don't believe in providing for the homeless. Please CMV
I believe the '03 invasion of Iraq was morally justified even though horribly executed. CMV
I Believe That In Order to Achieve Peace Between Israel and Palestine People Need To Be Civil and Open-Minded--And That's Why It's Going to be Almost Impossible. CMV
The most recent episode of The walking dead was fucking terrible. CMV
Tying a max wage to a moving number, like the national avg wage, could create more equality without crippling incentive.
I don't think The Wire and Breaking Bad can be compared to one another in terms of which series was "better." CMV
I believe people should be held responsible for their actions and not the people they derived the ideas of said actions from. CMV
/r/gaming has a rule forbidding users from posting pictures of PCs that are NOT running games in the picture. I think that this rule actually makes sense. CMV!
I believe the liberal arts degree I am working towards will not benefit me in competing for a decent paying job. CMV
I think siblings who love each other should be allowed to marry if they want to, CMV.
I don't believe there was anything more to the JFK assassination than Lee Harvey Oswald, alone, wanting to kill the president. CMV.
I'm not convinced that dietary cholesterol has anything to do with increased heart disease risk.
Esports will never be taken seriously by the majority of the population of the USA. CMV
Scarcity will always exist. The idea of "post scarcity" is just a tool utilized by advocates to convince the uninitiated that that the advocate's goals are attainable. CMV.
I do not see any artistic value in the work of Mark Rothko, specifically his 'multiforms.' CMV
Europe and the US are both too centralized and not centralized enough. CMV.
I believe straight men are especially homophobic towards gay males because they aren't used to unwanted advances by someone who could potentially rape them. CMV.
I believe that our lives do have a course it needs to follow based on our true inner desires. CMV.
I believe that all mental events, including all beliefs and decisions, are caused by physical events in the brain, but have no effects upon any physical events. CMV
I believe that most music preformed professionally in a studio outshines any live concert I have been to, and that those that chastise music you cannot preform live have their priorities of music backwards. CMV
I think single-payer health care will never be implemented in the US because doctors will not accept a drastic decrease in salary. CMV
CMV If health care is a right, hospital workers shouldn't be allowed to strike - just like police and fire fighters
I think airshows are a waste of money, cause needless emissions, and overall just aren't enjoyable. Please CMV
I believe that drug screening should not be a factor in getting a job. CMV
I believe that everyone should be fluent in a language other than their native one. CMV
I believe potential organ donors should be allowed to direct their donations to or away from certain demographics. CMV.
I believe that hunting, killing, and eating deer is more humane than eating beef from the grocery store. CMV
I'm smarter than you, CMV
I think that playing a game like Halo and playing a game like Candy Crush are two different things entirely and shouldn't be compared. CMV
Climate change is not anthropogenic and we humans need not be concerned with it. CMV.
I think euthanasia should be legalized everywhere. cmv
Any kind of fee or administrative cost to purchase a firearm is akin to a poll tax and should be considered unconstitutional. CMV
I believe that if you support the Men's Rights Movement, you should also support feminism. CMV
I think 10-digit dialling is stupid. CMV.
The death penalty should be eliminated by law CMV
I believe that conservatives (politically/socially speaking) are less intelligent than progressives/liberals/whatever you want to call them. CMV
I believe that those who do not support animal rights are either: misinformed/ignorant, weak/apathetic, or selfish/bad people. CMV
The United States and other countries shouldn't be as hyped up and/or worried about the NSA/spying. CMV
I believe that adult genetic engineering is okay? CMV
I believe felony offenders who are convicted shouldn't be allowed to retain their civil rights CMV.
I don't think that possession of depictions of illegal sexual activity (including child pornography and rape) should be illegal. CMV
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are not sustainable over the long-run without some form of depositor insurance. CMV
I don't like most vegans CMV.
I think pornography depicting (not real) rape should be legal and accessible, because it would likely lower actual rape rates. CMV
After following all dating advice, I'm starting to think PUA is the only way for me to be successful in dating. Please CMV
Edward Snowden is a traitor CMV
There is no reason the words "heteronormative" and "nonheteronormative" could not be replaced with "typical" and "atypical" in all contexts. CMV
I think that parents of children should not be allowed to be morbidly obese. CMV
I don't think there is any good reason for people under the age of 15 to have sex. CMV
I believe teenage sex and sex outside of a committed relationship/marriage is bad. CMV
Stock analysis is the modern-day shamanism. CMV
I believe that League of Legends is a superior game to DotA2. CMV
I think that because my best friend is sometimes a dick, I should stop being his friend. CMV
I think gratuities or "tips" are a bad idea and should not be part of American society. CMV
The USA should quickly test out new laws in "social innovation zones" instead of just debating them. CMV
I believe that people who make friends by making fun of others are bad people. CMV.
I think that although the GSA is good, the reaction by the youth isn't actually good for the movement
I don't feel the death sentence is 'too easy'. I believe life in prison is an easier sentence. CMV
I believe that Gallagher should have been way higher than number 100 on Comedy Central's 100 best stand up comedians of all time. CMV
I believe that people who complain about relationships are just complaining about nothing. CMV
I don't see why I (as a 15 year old) am forced to do secondary level English, when I already have the ability to read and write.
The US (and most other western nations) are now literally matriarchies, that is, they are ruled by women.
Free will is impossible, CMV.
I believe that the cold war was a victory for the United States over Russia, and not for capitalism over communism. CMV
I believe that the ability to be funny and make others laugh cannot be obtained in any way as opposed to any other artistic talent. You're either funny or you're not and can't change it. CMV. Please.
I believe that human needs are always more important than animal rights. CMV
I believe that marriage is an outdated and oppressive tradition. CMV
I thought Gravity was a terrible movie. CMV
I believe that gays should not be afforded the privilege of marriage. CMV
I believe Bitcoin (BTC) can never be successful because it is deflationary. CMV
Based on the assumption that something can not come from nothing, I don't think that atheism is a legitimate or logical understanding of the world. CMV
I think that hunting higher order animals for sport should be illegal and carry penalties similar to those for first degree murder. CMV
I think philosophy is pointless to really get into. CMV
The "Batkid" gimmick was a clear example of white privilege. CMV
Liberals view Islam as a revolutionary movement. CMV
I think the federal government should be involved in 4 roles, and states control the rest. CMV
The expectation that service workers be tipped is exploited to the point that it is now a form of cooperate welfare. CMV
Some of my friends don't believe in gay rights and it brings them down as a person, CMV
"Otherkin" don't actually exist, and people who believe that they are Otherkin legitimately need medical attention. CMV
I think companies that promote Facebook sweepstakes that require you to like their page first are effectively bribing the customer. CMV.
I have trouble taking Philosophy majors seriously. CMV
CMV "There is no virtue in hard work"
I hate moms - CMV
Bitcoin is an nonviable currency. CMV
Canada should legalize marijuana possession CMV
I believe that Weird Al Yankovic is one of the greatest musical artists and comedians of our time. CMV
I believe Jason Bourne would destroy any James Bond in hand-to-hand combat. CMV.
I think most volunteer trips are money makers for rich white people to have photo ops and feel good about themselves- CMV
Why SHOULDN'T people enhance their appearance? CMV
I believe that scientists who support the non-evolutionary creationism should have their doctorates revoked, CMV
I oppose same sex marriage , CMV.
I have minor congenital scoliosis. My chiropractor treats my "incidents" better than any other medical professional can. CMV
I believe prejudice is inherent. CMV.
I sometimes hear the argument put forth that the government should get out of the marriage business and leave it to the churches. I think this logic is backwards. CMV.
Poverty: A Curable Disease CMV
I think History is a worthless subject. CMV
Internet "safe spaces" are completely unnecessary. CMV.
The Assassin's Creed series would be much better if it dropped the Da Vinci Code schtick with the Templars vs. Assassins and ancient artifacts, and was just a game about being a badass at a key point in history. CMV
I believe that staying together for the kids is more harmful to children than getting a divorce. CMV
I agree with PETA. CMV.
I believe that going to college right after high school is a bad investment. CMV.
Basing US laws on the Constitution is an outdated model that has the potential to hold us back as a country. CMV.
I think Israel deserves to have the kind of military and nuclear weapons it has right now. CMV
I think what individuals refer to as spirituality is simply deep emotional response and not separate from the body in an actual spiritual sense. CMV
I don't think the American government is of the people anymore. CMV
I believe the disclosure policy of therapists does more harm than good. CMV
I believe that for non-violent, victimless, largely unenforceable crimes, such as copyright infringement or smoking marijuana, we should simply ignore the law completely. CMV.
I believe that rap and hip hop music lack creativity and intelligence. CMV.
I believe the right to complain is a luxury not everyone is allowed to have. CMV
Unskilled jobs that can be replaced with machines ought to be replaced with machines. CMV.
NFL coaches should be allowed to challenge penalties, CMV.
CMV. I am insensitive to the Gaming Industry's portrayal of women, minorities, and how it deals with other socially sensitive topics.
I find incest and ephebophilia abhorrent, regardless of consent. CMV if you can.
If I put my needs/wants over my parents' needs/wants, I am a selfish, insensitive, and ungrateful daughter. Please CMV.
All music is equal and there is no such thing as “fake music” or “bad” or “good” music. CMV
I think the Colts getting Andrew Luck is total bullshit and undermines the purpose of the draft. CMV
Electronic music today is akin to classical music. [CMV]
Google+ &amp; YouTube is not bad [CMV]
I believe that cheating on your partner can never be justified, CMV!
Buddhist mind state and autistic mind state differ by their direction/progression through time CMV
I believe people who commit suicide are coward and selfish CMV
I think if the USA all the sudden apologized, packed up and left all military instillation around the world, there would be chaos that would end badly for the world. CMV
The phrase "hating on" should be nipped in the bud. CMV.
[CMV] Nicki Minaj
There are way too many people in universities. The 'degree' is inflated. CMV.
CMV "Poverty Makes Whores of us All"
CMV of why people on food stamps deserve Red Bull.
I believe that nothing can surpass an original under any circumstances, CMV
I think that governments in general should accept a higher risk of corruption and embezzlement to save money. CMV.
I thought Alien 3 was a good sequel. CMV
I believe a lot of contemporary art is bullshit. CMV
Using cellphone whilst driving is okay. CMV.
I believe that this world in general is a bad place to live in. CMV
I think my caffeine addiction isn't worth fighting, CMV.
1 I think that students that who have mental handicaps, they can't pass the SAT/ACT without considerable aid, should not be admitted to University. CMV
I believe that the world is so messed up, there is little or nothing anyone can do to help fix it. CMV.
I see no educational benefit from reading in school. CMV
I think spending money attempting to "fix" global climate change is pointless [CMV]
I see no reason why a foreign-born, naturalised citizen of the USA should not be eligible for the Presidency.
I believe we have we done irreparable damage to our social behaviour through the use of (casual forms, e.g. Facebook,Twitter etc.) of Social Media, CMV.
I believe that earmarks in bills in the United States are terrible. CMV.
I think that men who complain about the 'friendzone' or that 'girls don't like nice guys' are unfairly blaming women for their own poor social skills. CMV
I believe that, both historically and currently, many examples of rape culture can be found which put women at a greater risk by normalizing or even condoning rape. CMV
I believe that freedom of speech should extend to profanity and swearing should never be punished for any reason. CMV
Labor Unions should be illegal CMV
I believe that Reddit is more valuable than other social media applications/companies with "higher valuations", such as Instagram and Snapchat. CMV.
Professionalism and Success requires a fantastic education &amp; preparation... CMV
I think Detroit is irreversibly screwed. CMV.
I believe passing a road test should be required for driver's license renewals. CMV
Spoiler tags are unnecessary, and actually are degrading the quality of fiction. CMV.
CPR Training should be required to graduate high school, nationwide. CMV
I think that women who dress overtly provocative, are asking for unwanted attention and shouldn't chastise people who look or comment. CMV
I think My Bloody Valentine's "classic" debut album, "Isn't Anything", is a load of old tosh. CMV.
I believe Law Enforcement deserve the same if not more respect than military CMV
Gang homophobic violence in Russia should be combated with responsive anti-homophobic violence CMV
USS Franklin (CV-13), victim of kamikaze attack, was an unlucky ship CMV.
Infant male circumcision is always wrong unless a medical conditions requires it. CMV
I think informational censorship of any kind, even towards children, is ultimately detrimental to both society and our youth. CMV
I think the hotter the area where people live, the more they are religious. CMV.
I think that Anarchism cannot in the long run benefit the individual more than capitalism does. CMV
I Think Avatar Was A Horrible Movie CMV
CMV I think that people should not be as offended as they are by stereotypical jokes.
I'm really tired of US veteran "touching" stories like they are heroes, after all they are overseas delivering death for oil and strategic geo-political conquers. The only true US heroes were the ones that served on WW2. CMV
I believe that the American government should impose some sorts of penalties or incentives to discourage firms from outsourcing jobs oversea. CMV.
I don't think it's wrong to blame the victim in some circumstances. CMV.
I can't help but think that some children who are born with terminal birth defects would be better off euthanized, please CMV
I strongly believe in equal rights for gays/lesbians etc. but I can't wrap my head around child adoption. CMV.
I don't think any race or gender should get anything another race/gender doesn't. CMV
China's rapid and continuing economic growth demonstrate the clear superiority of the technocratic model. CMV.
The afterlife would be kinda bullshit. CMV
I believe that students should apply for a specific subject at university. CMV
everyone who can try it, should try L.S.D. (or something like it) .. cmv
I think that opposition to genetically modified food is just as unscientific as rejecting global warming or evolution CMV
Closed-Mindedness Is Underrated. CMV.
I believe that my life is destined for nothing by failure and an early death, please CMV.
I believe that using porn is a moderate form of cheating. PLEASE CMV
I feel sorry for most fellow reddit atheists because they are volatile, adamant, rude, elitist, heavily biased, and deaf to counter-views. Kindly CMV
Nobody making a definitive and positive claim about GMOs has any idea what they're talking about and needs to sit down and shut up. CMV.
I think that the phrase "You can't please everybody" is misguided and misused by today's youth CMV
I think under no circumstance should any one word offend someone to the point of argument or personal scrutiny. CMV
I don't think Google deserves the hate for the new YouTube comment layout. CMV.
I believe using the term "faggot" more and more as a general insult could be helpful to the LGBT community. CMV.
I don't see the point of feminism in the West. CMV
I think the term "Graphic Novel" for certain comic books is pretentious, unnecessary, and ultimately damaging. CMV.
I think Social Security should by definition be tied to the average age of death. CMV
I don't understand why NASCAR races are so long when they have all those cautions to re-level the playing field. CMV
I believe poetry is/was a waste of time, specially in the modern world. CMV.
I think that if the Democrats run Hillary in 2016, they will essentially be handing the election to the Republicans on a silver platter. CMV.
I believe Americans should receive basic medical training in school, and the FDA should give adults more freedom to self-medicate. CMV.
I believe the people of the U.S. should pay down the national debt, without waiting for the government to act. CMV
I believe any direct family members or spouses of former US presidents should not be allowed to run for POTUS. CMV.
I think video game shops should not be allowed to deny an underage person the sale of a 18/M game if the age rating system is not enforced by the law. CMV
I believe that living life merely for shallow pleasure and comfort is, although selfish, acceptable and smart. CMV
I think that the overwhelming majority of medical marijuana "patients" are just people trying to get high, which harms the cause of legalization. CMV
It seems to me that Health Awareness Months, eg men's health, women's health, or breast cancer, cause more scaremongering than good. CMV.
I believe that Facebook (and other social media) is detracting from our advancement as human beings. CMV.
CMV Malcolm X was detrimental to the civil rights movement.
I believe that in democracies the voting scheme (First-Past-the-Post vs alternative vote vs runoff voting vs proportional representation) is a nearly irrelevant factor. CMV.
I think that *The Godfather* is long, hard to follow, often boring and ultimately overrated. CMV.
I think GoT is badly-written, misogynistic tripe. CMV enough to get through reading the books.
I don't find Bitstrips in any way funny - CMV
I beleive that Scientology, WBC, and Mormonism are no more or less ridiculous than Christiany, Judiasm, or any other mainstream religion. CMV
I don't believe that the conquest of the Americas by Europe was wrong. CMV
I believe that people should be allowed to eat cat, dog, and other small animals. CMV
I believe gay marriage shouldn't be legalized but I have no problem with civil unions. CMV
I believe South Park just isn't very good. CMV.
I don't think wanting everyone to be happy and comfortable is an admirable desire. CMV
It's unreasonable to give retail employees to extra time off during the Holidays. CMV.
I don't believe in "true love" between couples or anything, how the media portrays love and how the majority of the people (possibly) believe love to be. CMV
I believe capitalism will lead to world peace. CMV
Ghetto "culture" isn't a problem, the perception of it is. CMV.
I don't believe radiation is nearly as dangerous as general public think it is. CMV
I believe man going to the moon is the single most important achievement in the history of humanity thus far and it should be emphasized far more in the educational system. CMV
I think many Indie games only sell because they appeal to nostalgia, and that this is an overall detriment to the gaming industry. CMV.
I don't think people should be respectful of other cultures or religions, if they are oppressive to another group, CMV
I believe that the Affordable Care Act poses no existential risk for insurance companies, but will see them laugh all the way to the bank. CMV.
Homophobes deserve the same respect as anyone else CMV
I think Attention Deficit Disorder isn't real and just a ploy to boost sells in Pharmaceuticals.
I think old people should stop being so proud of their age. It's not an accomplishment. CMV
I feel that educational institutions should not offer degrees that have little to no real world value. CMV
I believe that Vladimir Putin has been an overall good leader for Russia. CMV
I don't believe the USA invaded Iraq for Oil or Halliburton CMV
I think Pope Francis is doing a great job as Pope and is radically transforming the Catholic Church for the better. CMV
I believe Mandatory Minimum Sentencing Laws are unjust, counter productive, and lead to racial disparity. CMV.
The path of the intellectual is lonely and self-defeating for those without the means or support to actually change people's minds. CMV
I think several "academic" disciplines (such as theology) should not receive funding nor be carried out at universities, CMV.
I believe that "holidays" such as Veteran's Day, Memorial Day, Columbus Day, etc. should not be considered federal holidays and should not warrant days off from work or school. CMV
I don't believe voluntary members of the military should be exempt from criticism regarding unjust wars. CMV
Fat people are fat because they eat too much. Its not their metabolism, their genetics or some wrong-tuned glands. CMV
I enjoy the Metal genre far better than Techno in every way. CMV, anyone?
Star Trek is great because the protagonist is not one person, not one species, not one alliance... it's the idea of cooperation itself. CMV
I believe that boycotts of Ender's Game is actually counter-productive, CMV
I believe that, 9 times out of 10, violence is the answer and can solve most issues facing humanity, whether it be individual or on a large-scale. CMV
I believe that "Ghetto" culture is a toxic drain on society. CMV
I don't believe skateboarders deserve the "bad kid" stereotype they receive. CMV.
I don't want to get married in a church despite my (potential) fiance's family's preferences because I was raped in one. CMV?
While not inherently inferior, I think society has caused women to stunt themselves emotionally and intellectually, causing them to be an inferior gender. CMV.
I think civilization will eventually collapse without an embryo selection program. CMV.
If you can't conceive a child naturally, you should adopt instead. Feel free to reply if you want to CMV
I think small subreddits that change their subscriber numbers in the sidebar using CSS are dishonest and annoying and don't deserve my subscription. CMV.
I believe that retirement age should be raised at least 5-10 years worldwide to ensure pension sustainability. CMV
I believe that the use of the PATRIOT act is right. CMV
I think Murderers, rapists, and other criminals of related crime should be tortured. Cmv.
I think photography takes no skill and should not be considered an art form. CMV
[CMV] I don't think police handing out speeding/reckless driving tickets don't lower the accident rate, relatively.
Israel will most likely be destroyed or crippled by weapons of mass destruction within the next generation or two, so all the political handwringing over the Israel/Palestine situation is pointless. CMV.
There should be limits on how much money a family can lose to a Casino within a certain time-period. CMV
I believe that people spend too much money on charities for humans. CMV
Licensed motorists should not be required to carry a physical license on their person while operating their vehicle. CMV.
I believe that the A-Level education reforms being implemented in the UK are bad for students - CMV
I think that vegans/vegetarians avoid eating meat to reduce their just their own suffering CMV
Culture strongly affects people's decisions. Please CMV.
CMV I don't think there is such thing as conspiracy, PTB, NWO. THERE IS NOT EVIL "OTHER" OR "THEY" OUT TO GET US!
I think that subreddits should not be allowed to hide the voting arrows with CSS to non-subscribers. CMV
I believe if God exists, he is evil (CMV)
I believe any government action to aide citizens is not benevolent, and results in hurting us more than helping. CMV
I don't believe that "white privilege" exists. (at least in the US) Someone please CMV.
Every young man should be encouraged to donate sperm, so that when he has a child later in life, he can use his undamaged young sperm to reduce the risk of many genetic diseases. CMV!
I'm not fundamentalist or deeply ingrained in Abrahamic/general organised religion in any way, but do not believe that mechanistic science can or will ultimately explain the ontology matter/energy or life. CMV
I'm convinced that in the game Magic the Gathering, the Legacy Format is the fairest format of them all, CMV
I think expecting a vegan to serve meat at their wedding is ridiculous. CMV
I think that tipping should not be "required" CMV
CMV I Think That Fear, Specifically Fear of Scarcity, Is The Root Causal Mechanism Which Is Responsible For All of The Socio-Economic Ills In The World
I believe all holidays should be abolished. CMV
People with mental defects who commit egregious crimes should not be punished any differently. CMV.
I feel naturalism is the proven and correct view of the universe, without the need for theism. CMV
I think "grammar nazis" are pretentious snobs and feel as though if you can understand what I was trying to say, then that's the point of dialogue. CMV
I do not think that a football player that gets injured on the field deserves my sympathy, CMV
I believe that voluntarism is the only moral way to govern a people, and that the tyranny of the democratic majority victimizes the minority. CMV.
I believe that mainstream America reacting more strongly to sexual content in public than violent content is not an example of messed up priorities. CMV.
Political leaders should be chosen by lottery, instead of elected. CMV
I am against Affirmative Action, Primarily in how it Affects me (An Asian). CMV.
I believe greed is a form of mental illness. CMV
I think bitcoin is a solid investment in the future and going to be a large part of the economy of the world. CMV.
The founders of the US believed in “civic virtue”; that leaders must put the common good ahead of self interest. We need to bring this idea back to save our culture from decay. CMV
I think NCAA athletes should be paid. CMV
I believe that Democracy as we know it is a bad form of goverment and unproductiv. CMV
I believe RISK is one of the worst mainstream board games around. CMV.
I feel that in order to bridge the gap in equality, we not only need to stop reacting negatively, but also stop reacting overly positively. CMV
I believe teaching people to avoid situations that have a higher possibility of rape is not victim blaming. CMV
I think this current trend against 'Rape Culture', while well intended, is incredibly naive. CMV
Since our brains possess powerful chemicals releasesed when we experience somehting, everything we ever experience is just a hyped up version of the truth. CMV
CMV As a male, I feel that the Lulu app on Facebook isn't a bad thing.
I believe that slavery was the primary cause of the Civil War and that people who try to minimize it's importance are apologists for the South. CMV
I think political correctness has become counterproductive. CMV
I think that Google requiring users to use a real name on youtube is a good and necessary idea. CMV.
Although I am not a racist, I believe that interracial marriage is generally a bad idea. CMV.
I believe that the current upsurge in anti-Western terrorism is a direct result of mismanagement of US foreign policy in 2001-2004 CMV
I believe everybody's number one priority should be themselves. CMV.
I think making fun of someone being fat is completely acceptable but making fun of someone's height is totally unacceptable. CMV.
Stock trading is gambling, like Poker CMV
I believe in the right to bear arms, but I think that people should have to pass a certification test to own a gun. CMV?
Hugo Schwyzer is evidence that the label "Feminist" is useless and possibly counterproductive, CMV
I think Lex and Terry give horrid advice, CMV.
I believe that "fat bashing" is an extension of class warfare. CMV
I don't think giving to the poor will change their economic well being, CMV.
I believe League of Legends is a legitimate sport. CMV
I believe that "Free to play" games are complete scams and are never justified. CMV.
I think picky eating is a first world problem and picky eaters are the result of how they were raised, CMV
Anti-federalists' concerns regarding a consolidated government were justified. CMV
I believe giving men the ability to sign away all financial responsibility after getting a girl pregnant is ridiculous. CMV.
I'm constantly measuring my success relative to other people's failure. CMV
I believe Transsexualism is a mental disorder and should be treated with counseling and / or medication. CMV
I feel the TSA is necessary to prevent future airplane hijackings that could result in hundreds-thousands dead. CMV
I think war is inherently evil and anyone who tries to rationalize it is part of the problem. CMV.
Pro-Life displays in heavily public areas, CMV.
I don't think it's a big deal when people edit their successful posts to acknowledge it. CMV
I believe that people who are over the age of 21 and do not think life is worth living should be allowed to have a doctor assist them in suicide. CMV
There is no such things as a "third gender" or "no gender" CMV
I believe that every thing people do is in their own self interest. CMV
The Stanley Parable is a trite work, undeserving of any of the praise it gets. CMV
I think facebook should promote educational pages rather than pop culture. CMV.
I don't believe porn can be viewed accidentally. CMV
Gambling addiction is not addiction, it is just a lack of willpower and discipline. CMV
League of Legends is a better game than Dota2. CMV
I believe that celebrities that complain about their life being bad are full of shit.
If left to themselves, human beings cannot not be trusted to not do evil, to help their fellow man, or to even properly invest in into the future. CMV
The Prison-Industrial complex is a modern day form of slavery, and prisons should be state (and not privately) owned. CMV.
I believe monuments and holidays honoring Confederate soldiers are no different than monuments and holidays honoring any other former enemy that waged war against the United States. CMV
I think that receipts should be by request only when purchasing under $5 of physical goods. CMV
I believe the NSA is completely powerless. CMV
I can't find a reason to buy serious furniture despite having enough money for that and scrap wood in the living room of a fine apartment. CMV
I can't use public restrooms....CMV
[CMV] I believe /r/makeup should've been the more popular subreddit for makeup goers instead of /r/makeupaddiction.
I believe that love between two adults can happen, but that it must accept the imperfections. Some say I believe in "settling." CMV
I think the Israelis helped poison Yasser Arafat, leading to his death in November 2004.
Once self-driving cars are perfected, human driving should be made illegal in most circumstances. CMV.
I believe the "men's rights" argument holds no water and is mainly championed by those who don't understand feminism, CMV
I think the Amish and other closed off religious groups are, at least morally, abusing their children. CMV
I feel that infinite growth is very much possible. CMV
I believe that if you own/buy a Toyota or other foreign car, you are a communist. CMV
I believe that capitalism is inherently dehumanizing. CMV.
I think there needs to be a cap on how much money an individual can make a year. CMV
I believe we exist only in a computer simulation created by another more technologically advanced sentient race. CMV
I believe the United States military should be a domestic force, and take a non interventionist approach. CMV.
The word "equality" has lost its meaning. CMV.
I believe that capital punishment is a just punishment for people who have committed a murderous crime. CMV
I don't think that everyone that gets cancer and goes through treatment is brave or should be praised. Cmv
I believe that by Definition, feminism believes that the United States/Canada/England etc. are not democracies. CMV
I believe that the bible is god-breathed and contains no errors. CMV
I'm afraid of baby-crazy women. Please CMV.
My vote doesn't matter. CMV.
Religion has outlasted its usefulness.
I believe the distinction that Anarchists place between "private property" and "personal property" is unjustified, CMV
I believe that, in some cases, illegally obtained evidence should be admissible in court. CMV
I think that a soda tax is wrong because it's essentially a "double-tax". CMV
I believe cops are "pigs". CMV
I'm all for equal rights and opportunities, but have a hard time respecting feminists (I'm a male) because their stance always seem paired with bitterness. CMV
I believe that american sports teams with names that are considered "racial" are not a bad thing - CMV
I believe there should be no distinction between chemical and conventional warfare. CMV
I believe that those in poverty without children or disabilities should get an education to pull themselves out of poverty, instead of relying on others to do it for them. CMV.
I believe that transracial adoption is fundamentally wrong. CMV.
I think heightism is both the most prevalent and ignored form of discrimination in the world. CMV
I believe that the human brain is not capable of thinking of random numbers between two set numbers, therefor humans can't think of a random number. CMV.
I think being apathetic towards most things is the only way to stay happy, CMV.
I don't think Aaron Paul, Jessie in Breaking Bad, is an outstanding actor and instead, the popular opinion that he is, was caused by the role perfectly fitting his narrow acting style and the frenzy and hype over Breaking Bad. CMV.
I think that conservative ideology from the past 13 years has done so much harm in the US that my generation will be cleaning it up our entire lives, CMV.
I think we should apply the term "privilege" to individual issues instead of using it to refer to groups in competition with each other. CMV
I feel that pursuing your own self interests is the best way to get ahead, even at the expense of others. CMV
Astrology is absolute bullshit and should not be taken seriously and needs to be removed. CMV
I think an antitheist who bashes religion is as much of an asshole as a religious fundamentalist who bashes all other religions. CMV
As an average individual U.S. citizen, you have literally no significant control over laws or your own government. The U.S.A. is clearly no longer a "free" country. CMV
I don't think smoke breaks should be allowed at work, CMV
I think it's acceptable for a No Shave November participant to shave his head while maintaining a beard. CMV
I believe professional sports are perceived incorrectly by many, CMV.
The USA presidential election doesn't represent the majority vote or the majority choice, but the lesser evil. CMV
I believe the Legalization of Gay Marriage Will End Gays CMV
[MOD POST] Introducing our wiki page system for storing each user's delta history!
We spend all our time focused blaming teen mothers, but never talk about the fathers. Aren't fathers equally, if not more, responsible? CMV
I believe whites are biologically more attractive than blacks, CMV
Being passively unethical is just as heinous as being actively unethical, and should deserve the same attention and repercussions. CMV
I think calorie counting is a form of disordered eating, and is not conducive to a healthy lifestyle. CMV.
I support the ACA, but Obama did lie about it - CMV
I think bad people who died deserve no respect, CMV.
I believe we are living in the best era of humanity, thanks to fossil fuels, and it is all downhill from here. CMV
I believe that there is no level of radiation that can be considered safe. CMV
I believe worsening health insurance benefits and rising premiums, that are now being blamed on ObamaCare, are actually far older than ObamaCare and are caused by corporate greed. CMV
The GOP to their own detriment is more stubborn than the Catholic Church today. CMV
I believe that India has a higher potential for economic growth in the 21st century than the People's Republic of China (in terms of PPP, GNP, and trade influence). CMV
Equality demands that women make lower wages than men, in most cases. CMV
I think that buying a luxury car in a world where so many people starve is immoral. CMV.
I believe the ingestion of any kind of substance should be decriminalized, CMV
I believe films are just as valuable as books and other forms of literature when it comes to story telling and cultural significance. CMV
I don't think any drugs should be illegal. CMV
"I was only following orders" is an.....iffy defense. CMV.
I believe the argument that gun control laws won't work because criminals will ignore them is illogical unless accompanied with a demand to have all criminal laws repealed. CMV.
I believe cannabis should remain illegal CMV
I think meat is terrible for you, and we should all probably stop eating it. CMV.
Amway is a pyramid scheme, CMV
I think most cases of ADD/ADHD in children are over-diagnosed and are mostly a "developed nation's" problem. CMV
I think the Ameri-centrism of Reddit is damaging and self-limiting. CMV
I believe direct election of the president by the people is the best system for the United States, CMV
I believe in equal-opportunity meritocracy, but I also think winners use their power to cheat and lock in advantages. The solution is to reset opportunity by seizing and redistributing wealth every 50 years so the winners have to keep proving themselves. CMV
I believe any opposition to feminism is oppression. CMV
I believe that recent movies and TV are better than those in the past. CMV
I don't believe that 'my' vote matters in any election. CMV
I believe that give poor people access to internet and information is more efficient than try to fight directly against poverty, starvation and diseases, CMV.
Since the Fukushima incident, I no longer support Nuclear Power. CMV.
I believe in "limited democracy" CMV
I view schooling/education as a fair vehicle that can only create opportunities. CMV
I believe that new roads should be built with a bike lane. CMV
I don't have a problem with jokes dealing with the topics of rape or suicide. CMV?
Whether to employ stereotypes or not is a hard question and the truth to it is NOT the only variable involved. CMV.
I believe that it doesn't matter which college you go to. CMV
I think abortion is wrong. CMV
I think commissioning the shipping of weed directly to buyers and avoiding liability is easier than going to college and getting a real job CMV
I believe that modern technology is creating a more social society CMV
Internet Voting would improve the election process in every way, with no downsides. CMV
I think Barack Obama is a natural-born American citizen. CMV.
I am A teenager who is deeply ashamed of his generation. CMV.
Why is victim blaming looked down upon so much? I feel like sometimes the victim is partially blameable.
I feel as though anime/manga/half-of-what's-on-deviantart is uninspired and boring CMV.
I think that movie adaptions shouldn't be compared to their original work (books, plays, etc.) CMV
I believe that prosecuting people simply for possession of child pornography is akin to prosecuting them for a thought crime, and has paved the way for an erosion of privacy rights in other areas. CMV
I think that Jewish Americans face little discrimination in today's society, CMV
I believe that the UN/Nato should militarily remove the North Korean regime and integrate it with South Korea. CMV
I feel that I am better than others because if they lived my life they would not have survived. CMV
Snitches should be killed. CMV
I believe oligarchy is a bigger and much more urgent problem than patriarchy. CMV
I think that mandatory Physical Education classes do more harm than good (in certain cases.) CMV.
Voting for a third party in the U.S. is morally wrong. CMV
I think socialized medicine doesn't work. CMV
I believe that the American government should heavily subsidize specific, low-skill, high-labor jobs that increase leisure time for the working poor and middle class. CMV.
There is no way to morally justify the idea of an eternal-suffering 'hell'. CMV.
Western countries should require new immigrants to take an oath of values endorsing such things as freedom of speech, freedom of religion, religious tolerance and legal equality of men and women. CMV.
I believe that moderators should have the power to change titles of posts, CMV.
Electronically produced music is just as artistically valid as live performance music. CMV.
"Sorry" is just a word. Apologizing isn't necessary but society got used to so much that people expect it. CMV
I don't believe there's actually such a thing as being "in love", CMV.
I think google is "making us stupid". CMV
I believe capitalism is a detriment to society as a whole. We will never be a thriving society with it in place. CMV
I believe the USA spends an appropriate amount of money on its military, given its geopolitical importance. CMV.
I believe that if America were to accept Nuclear technologies, there would be more progress. CMV
CMV - I believe that Biking will never be a viable, large scale mode of transport in the United State's and investing in infrastructure for bikes is a waste of resources that could be better spent on other things.
I believe that it is wrong and untrue to call people who commit suicide by rail "selfish". CMV.
I don't believe that war is ever justifiable. CMV.
I believe that expensive transportation infrastructure like tunnels, bridges, and ferries should only be paid for with tolls, not tax revenue. CMV
I beleive wealth redistribution is necessary for social stability, as wealth can only exist as a result of society, therefore the society and its constituents has an intrinsic right to a share of the wealth, for without their participation in society, that wealth would not exist. CMV
I don't believe the mayor of a major city should be expected to resign simply because he smokes crack. CMV
There is no legitimate non-religious reason to oppose gay marriage, CMV.
I think the idea of developing technology to allow humans to stay alive well past the average lifespan is infantile. CMV
I believe that many nations in the world spend too much money on things like the military and government pensions, and not enough on science and medical research. CMV
I don't think businesses and corporations should pay taxes. CMV.
I believe that invading oppressive countries to turn them into democracies is a good thing. CMV
I should chose a career with more job security and more money, rather than pursue a passion. CMV
Possession of cp should be legalized and has potential benefits for the abused. CMV
I believe that Obamacare was poorly thought out and will be a political disaster for Obama and the Democrats. CMV
I believe institutions like the IMF and the World Bank are positive additions to the world, and that the anti-IMF propaganda is mostly made by people who don't understand it. CMV.
I think schools should have several smaller exams spread throughout a semester instead of 1-3 (midterms and final). CMV
CMV I believe that the Confederate Battle Flag should be made the official flag of the United States of America.
A story went around in my family that has me wary about vaccines (NOT in regards to autism being caused by them). Please CMV, I know vaccines are for the good of humans.
There Should Be Nationwide Screening Programmes For The Most Common Recessive Disease Causing Alleles CMV
In season one of Game of Thrones the Cersei Lannister is the protagonist. CMV
I believe that People with Mental disabilities should not be able to get away with things another person wouldn't be able to. CMV
I do not believe humanities/liberal arts majors have better critical thinking abilities than math/science/engineering majors. CMV.
I believe that networking is one of the worst parts about the job market today. CMV
I am typically left-leaning, but I don't think the cut to food stamps (SNAP) is that bad. CMV
There is no meaningful way to remove money from politics (and that's okay). CMV.
I believe that all sexualities other than "hetero," "homo", "bi," and "a" are made up by people seeking attention and pity for themselves. CMV.
I believe women and men are equal except for hormonal differences. Thus, transgender can not exist, CMV
I think the attitude towards suicide on reddit/society in general is misguided and comes from an unfounded value on human experience. CMV
I believe "fat acceptance" and the disabilities that come with being overweight should be discredited and should not be viewed as disabled or receive government help. CMV
I believe most if not all actions are inherently selfish, and that the vilification of the concept of selfishness is a negative aspect of our culture CMV
I think that "shorting" stocks should not be legal. CMV
I believe everything is preordained [CMV]
I think being the president of the US, or any leader of a country, is such an ungrateful and stressful job that I don't see why anybody would want to do it. CMV
I am a man who feels uneasy about women pleasuring themselves with dildos and vibrators. CMV.
I do not have a problem with Voter I.D. Laws and haven't heard any opposition that isn't completely laughable. CMV
I think nuclear energy is not worth pursuing as an energy source for general use (homes etc.), CMV
I believe that, ultimately, it is better to not have existed then to exist. CMV.
Java Is a Superior Programming Language. CMV.
I think paid maternity leave doesn't make sense as a law; CMV.
I Believe Free Markets Are the Ultimate Determiner of Worth. CMV.
I believe that most rapes are about sex and not "about power". CMV.
I believe people who have busy, stressed, complicated lives, have this only because they cultivated their life that way. CMV
I believe that the Federation's laws against genetic enhancements are ridiculous. CMV
I think Anarchy is absolutely moronic. CMV
I believe that smoking is a privilege, not a right. CMV
I think direct democracy would be the greatest form of decision making for the American people if applied now, CMV
Seeing certain words as, "cursed", is only based on a tradition that we as a collective can choose to ignore at any time. CMV
I believe the NHL's "point system" in their standings is inferior to the "win percentage" system every other major American sports league uses. CMV.
The Red Sox' beards contributed to their World Series victory. CMV!
I believe black history month is unnecessary and should not be officially recognised. CMV
I think religion is a good thing as long as you dont make the assumption that the religion is true or accurate. CMV
I think all drugs should be legal. CMV.
I don't believe in free will; the conscious mind is a passenger, CMV
I'm convinced, and I have good reasons, that women taking the last name of the men in marriage is extremely silly, boarderline unproductive. CMV
I believe you shouldn't be able to get a portrait Tattoo without consent from the person it's of. CMV.
I believe there are no atheists in foxholes. CMV
Alimony shouldn't be paid unless the former spouse was FORCED to stay at home, because they CHOSE to stay at home. CMV
I think that darkening your skin color to better represent the character you are portraying is not blackface. CMV
I that if you are sexually assaulted/raped no matter how traumatic it is for you to talk about it, it is your moral obligation to report it to the police ASAP CMV
I believe businesses should be able to hire and fire employees based on gender, race, religion, sexual orientation, etc. CMV
I believe that the existence of the US Senate is unfair and it should be abolished. CMV
I think parents with obese children should have tough penalties from social services and it should be classed as child neglect. CMV
I think people who have biological children in this day and age are committing an act of unspeakable cruelty. CMV.
If you are a single parent, you are a bad judge of character and an even worse decision maker. CMV
I'm hugely uncomfortable with my boyfriend watching porn. Please, for the love of God, CMV!
As a Canadian, I don't think anyone who is a politician is worth voting for, CMV.
More guns do not equal less crime. CMV
I am an American citizen. I believe Edward Snowden should have only leaked documents relating to domestic surveillance. CMV.
Today is objectively the best time to live in history. CMV
I think legal paternal surrender (finacial abortion) should be legal for men. CMV
School tests should be open-book CMV
I am scared to take antidepressants - I worry that their risks outweight their benefit. CMV.
I think depression is bullshit. CMV
I think forcing your religion onto your children should be punishable in the same way child molestation and abuse is. CMV
I don't believe women will ever equal men in any field of physical endeavor. CMV
I believe rap/hip-hop is the "best" music genre. CMV
I believe Subaru is the best car manufacturer in North America, CMV
I think that everyone is out only for themselves, and we don't care about others as much as we think we do. Please CMV
The dialogue about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict on Reddit is toxic, unproductive, and dissuades other Redditors from becoming informed. CMV.
I believe that adherents of extremist ideologies have no right to free speech. CMV.
If someone who frequently causes harm would instead be an understanding, accepting, and helpful person at all times, they would be markedly happier in life as well as more conducive to the forward progression of the human race, and therefore possess a higher degree of overall intelligence. CMV
I am pro choice, but I do not believe the abortion issue is as clear cut as everyone makes it seem. CMV
I believe that in any legal system, all laws should have to be simple and unambiguous enough that an average citizen could completely understand them without any special training. CMV.
I do not believe in free will and by extension do not believe in evil people. CMV
Judging teacher performance based on test scores is severely flawed.
I think that in America, nudity should be allowed on television, CMV.
I have not gotten a flu shot in over 10 years and do not intend on ever getting one again. CMV.
It is not possible for me to improve or change the world around me. Please CMV.
In this world with equality and feminism, I think women should split the bill even on the first date, CMV
I don't think it's fair to judge anyone, not even murderers CMV
I believe the (heads of the) Church of Scientology should be held accountable for actions including kidnapping and unlawful imprisonment. CMV
I think that if the majority of people were armed (with a gun) all the time then we would eventually have a much safer society. CMV
I believe that celebrating Halloween is against the teaching of Christianity. CMV
I believe if one truly loses the will to live, they are entitled to end their own life. CMV
I would believe a racist idea if it were true. Factual accuracy should be the only determinant of truth, even if it upsets people. CMV.
I think dressing super sexy is to sexual harassement/ rape what leaving your wallet on your car seat is to car break-in on parking lots. CMV
I don't think regifting is a bad thing - CMV.
I think that people who believe guns in the US should be restricted/heavily regulated are narrow minded CMV
I want to change the world, but I know I can't, please convince me it's a bad idea to try to change the world and shatter my unattainable dreams so I can have a more fulfilling life, CMV
Mandatory minimum drug law sentences are largely responsible for prison overcrowding; CMV
[CMV] I believe that if the human race intends to survive, its focus should be on leaving this planet, not maintaining its ability to sustain human life.
The state of love, or being in love, is by far the most selfish state of being a human can be in. CMV!
I believe the average young american has a very very dim future ahead of them CMV
I believe we must remove countries, and establish a global state is essential to our species advancement and survival. CMV.
I think that the Obamacare website fiasco has done more to perpetuate the destructive belief that government is inherently bad than have the actual purveyors of that belief. CMV
Morality is completely subjective/relative CMV
I think that the world is fine as it is, CMV.
I think time zones should be eliminated and that the whole earth should use one central time. CMV.
I think laws like many states’ texting-while-driving laws are detrimental to our legal system and only add needless complexity (and ambiguity) to our legal code. CMV
I believe mandating a shorter workweek at the U.S. federal level is a good idea, CMV
For Minnesotans: I believe the new stadium will be good for the city and we should be doing more to fund it. CMV
I believe that health insurance companies must be allowed to discriminate based on gender. CMV
I find Sam Harris' indictment of the Muslim world and Islam as a religion (as advanced in The End of Faith) to be quite convincing. CMV.
I think Insidious is overrated. CMV
I believe US federal policy debate should only pressure constitutional issues. The remaining issues should be pursued at the state level as per the 10th Amendment. CMV
Empathy is an inherently disadvantageous emotion, and I would be better off without it. CMV.
Parodies of popular songs on Youtube shouldn't be praised CMV
I believe adblock is entirely ok to use from a practical and moral standpoint. CMV
Women who are of marriage age now are messed up w/r/t expectations. CMV
I believe the internet should not be censored and doing so can create ignorant or controlled societies. CMV
I don't think flu shots are "worth it" for me. CMV
I believe that the recent fixation of the western world with "terrorism" is a modern rebranding of McCarthyism and the red scare. CMV
I believe Episode III deserves to be ranked among the good Star Wars movies (IV, V, VI) and not grouped with the abysmal Episodes I and II. CMV.
I think the U.S. should seriously consider breaking apart. - CMV
Homeopathy is nothing more than a placebo for the naive. CMV.
I believe there is nothing wrong with physical discipline when raising a child. CMV
I believe that human induced climate change is a myth, but I can't remember specifically why. CMV, please.
I don't think all blackface should be offensive. CMV
I think that heavy metal is shit. CMV.
I don't think cultural Halloween costumes are automatically racist, CMV.
The corporation maybe immoral but I don't see anything else that can give better net results CMV
I believe that labelling GMO foods will not lead to informed consumer decisions: CMV
I believe the NSA spying on citizens is unconstitutional. CMV
I believe large powers like the US have a moral responsibility to liberate the people of North Korea. CMV
I believe that teaching kids that they are "special" and "unique" and can "do anything" is bad for the kids, and gives them a false image of life. CMV
Pirating eBooks Is A Moral Way To Sample Them CMV
Vaccines should not be supported in all cases. CMV
I believe assigning legal professions to humans makes the world unequal CMV
Men shouldn't be expected to give up their seats for women. CMV.
I am morally uncomfortable with pirating software made by large companies, even though I know the difference is negligible to them. CMV
CMV Pluripotent Embryonic Stem Cell Research is Ethical and Beneficial to Society
Christianity is fine, but the modern world would be a be a better place without Islam. CMV
I believe free trade has benefited and will continue to benefit developing countries as much as developed countries CMV.
The biggest storm in 26 years is about to hit the area in which I live and it's unnerving me. CMV
Some groups of the population are obsessed with unrealistic "cutting the knot" solutions to wicked problems. And they are generally not a positive influence, to, well, anything. CMV.
i think it shouldn't be a crime to have CP if you are in fact the child. CMV
I don't think that women should be criticized for dressing scandalously for Halloween. CMV.
Throwing away garbage is unethical. CMV.
I feel no sympathy for students with excessive student loans. CMV.
I believe that corporate fines should be proportional to the amount of money made by violating the law in question. CMV
I think that organizations that promote "abstinence only" programs are going in the wrong direction. CMV, please.
We should give the word 'marriage' to religious people. CMV
I think lowly of people that use plastic surgery.
I don't see what is so special about marriage. CMV.
I believe that sustainable whaling is OK. CMV
I believe Islamic extremism is worse than other forms of religious extremism. CMV
Memes and /r/adviceanimals are bad for reddit in that they have lowered the quality of posts, comments, and visitors. CMV.
I believe that the majority of African Americans are the reason why racism still exists and do nothing to improve their own lives. CMV
I believe that inheritance is bad for society as a whole in a modern society CMV
I believe that Conservative positions on abortion are inconsistent with their positions on everything else. CMV
People that inflict pain upon other living beings when it is not necessary for their survival are naturally of lesser intelligence and limited consciousness; or "mean people are inherently stupid." CMV
I think "fluff" electives are an important part of college and shouldn't be taken off the curriculum. CMV.
I believe that in The Outsider by Albert Camus, Mersault killed the Arab for no reason.
straight able-bodied white guys shouldn't express their opinions in conversations about issues regarding homosexuality/feminism/disability/racism unless asked to, should be active listeners
I think most mental illnesses should be classified terminal. CMV.
[CMV] I believe a minimum wage job paying 15K a year is more than enough for a single adult to live off of.
Affirmative Action, along with other benefits given to someone because of their race, should be abolished. CMV
I don't think the media should show names or faces of criminals on television/papers/other news sources. CMV
Being really hard and inhuman
Because aliens won't hesitate to rip off our technology we're only hurting our species by abiding by copyright laws. CMV
I think racial equality will never happen. CMV.
Disgusted by their antics, I will never vote Republican. CMV
I don't think Iran is making nuclear weapons
I think there is nothing wrong with the pepper-spraying officer at UC-Davis receiving a large compensation. CMV
I believe that Jews have made the area of Israel a much better place than Palestinians ever could have and criticism of them is inherently anti-Semitic. CMV
Voter ID Laws In the U.S. Are Meant to Disenfranchise Voters. CMV
I believe the extended video of UC Davis pepper spray incident basically exonerates the officer CMV.
I believe that when Mythology is taught in schools, it should include all religions, rather than just dead religions. CMV.
I think capitalism is horrible. CMV.
People who talk like Russel Brand, speaking on how things are bad within the current system, without having any form of solution or clue about the economic impact by these changes should not be the keynote speakers in these debates.
Evil Dead (2013) was a shit movie (CMV). Spoilers, by the way.
[CMV] There's nothing wrong with banning swearing on your server in an M rated game.
i think brown eyes are inferior, CMV.
[CMV] I believe publicly available government data, technologies and web tools and should be open sourced
I believe that cyberbullying is too broadly attributed and over-blowned in general. CMV
CMV I belive that it is sometimes correct to blame the victim.
Love is all about timing - CMV
I believe that ultimately the president and his (or her) views have very little effect on the economic well-being of citizens, and the market and decisions of businesses are the only factors that affect this. CMV
I don't think North Korea and South Korea should be united into one country. Please CMV
CMV World Religions - Branches of the same thing?
I believe that attending a prestigious college is of the utmost importance CMV
I believe modern feminists should refer to themselves as egalitarians. CMV.
I wanna buy a new iPad mini. CMV
I believe Jordan align itself with Palestine for there to be a lasting Israeli-Palestinian peace. CMV.
I believe the "slippery slope" argument against gay marriage is perfectly acceptable. CMV
I believe people who can't get jobs after college didn't work hard enough, CMV
I don't believe that manipulation is necessarily a bad thing. CMV
I believe that investing money is akin to betting on sports. CMV.
I believe that the Elgin Marbles should be returned to Athens CMV
I believe, political and economic factors aside, Islam is fundamentally a religion that teaches violence. CMV.
I believe there's no reason to be concerned with global issues. CMV
CMV I believe love is a want, not a need.
I don't really think Guild Wars 2 is a good game. CMV
I think it should be legal to sell one's kidneys. CMV
I believe we have the moral responsibility to help poverty-striken countries. CMV
Single-Payer health care would have been better for conservative/republicans than Obamacare. CMV.
I think people who blame Obama for the shut down are idiots. CMV
I think Bruce Lee's greatness as a Martial Artist is more myth than fact. CMV
The "standard" system of education in Western Countries is outdated, primarily in the United States. CMV
I don't think there's any particular reason to wash my hands after using a urinal that automatically flushes. CMV.
I don't think it's offensive to call something 'retarded' CMV
I'm for people marrying more then 1 person. CMV
I think haikus are an inferior form of poetry. CMV
I don't think that referring to people of African descent as "black people" is racist or politically incorrect. CMV.
Copyright law should be abolished. CMV.
I believe that every problem with humanity to date relates to someone's greed whether past, present, or future. CMV
I don't think States should be allowed to pass gun laws that are more restrictive than Federal Gun Laws
I think Election Day should be a federal holiday. CMV
the internet meme culture is folk culture, a form of interactive pop entertainment that tends to produce content that is a better alternative to the content made by profit-oriented mass media companies
I think pre-order bonuses is one of the worst things to ever plague gaming culture. CMV
Alcohol companies should not be allowed to sponsor college sports. CMV.
I believe a true education is bought! CMV
I think the widespread adoption of Bitcoin would be economically disastrous. CMV.
I believe that the age limit on voting should be removed, but you should be tested on your knowledge of the candidates you are voting on before being allowed to vote. CMV
Humans are basically a flawed, highly inefficient robot comprised of fragile organic matter. CMV
I think Banksy (and the like) is a douchebag for not respecting other people's property, regardless of talent. CMV
CMV- I do not believe that there is ever a case where we should be advocating physical violence to children/teenagers for their use.
It is unjustifiable for schools to punish kids fighting for self defense. CMV.
I believe that people who say "people who don't vote aren't allowed to complain about politics" are wrong and are only making the two party system stronger, CMV.
I believe green technology is the only solution to climate change CMV
I don't believe that someone who is blacked out drunk can claim they have been raped. CMV
I honestly believe that those who choose "soft" majors in college such as philosophy, psychology, English, sociology, history, etc. shouldn't be complaining about either not having a job or having a terrible entry level job after they graduate. CMV.
I think it's generally a good idea to tell kids in organized youth competitions who won and who lost. CMV.
I believe we have reached a sort of wall in technological advancements and that every technology that is possible has been achieved. CMV
[Future] I believe 100mil should be the maximum population of technologically unlimited human civilization allowed on the surface of the earth CMV
I believe that organ donation should be opt-out, not opt-in. CMV.
I believe that apart from hypocrisy, the Conservatives have nothing to offer. CMV
I believe the Australian parliamentary system is superior to the presidential system of the USA. CMV.
I believe the United States economy and living standards will inevitably decline, and that's not a bad thing. CMV.
Batman Begins was the best movie of the Batman trilogy CMV
The Friendzone is Real. CMV.
I don't think Fox News is that bad. CMV
If I found out my unborn child was going to have non-trivial birth defects, I would want it aborted. CMV
If our (America's) default mindset is that 1 American civilian life is worth &gt;1 foreign civilian lives, I really don't understand why we can't sympathize with terrorists. It seems that we agree at a basic level. CMV
I think beards are disgusting. CMV
I don't believe that parents should be able to name children whatever they want. CMV.
I think that typical fire safety precautions are excessive and a waste of time. CMV.
I believe that extreme pledges of commitment in relationships do more harm than good. CMV.
I believe the clash of civilizations is real and happening. CMV.
I believe I have the shortest name in the world. CMV.
I think social issues like gay marriage are just noise. CMV
I don't think there is such a thing as being "big boned" or being genetically predisposed to being overweight.
I think always expecting the worst to happen is a sound philosophy. You will never be disappointed, but will be frequently surprised with good outcomes. CMV
I believe in order to get ahead in life, a machiavellian approach would be much more successful than being genuine and honest. CMV
I believe it is humane to allow cats outdoors. CMV.
I believe election campaigns should not exist. CMV
I believe that as an athletic team sport NFL can be proven to be inferior to AFL. CMV
I believe that swinging and polygamy make for a stronger, happier relationship. CMV
I don't think the General Welfare Clause of The Constitution empowers the government to provide healthcare or other entitlements. CMV
I think that all employees should be paid (at least partially) on commission. CMV.
I believe that a man claiming to be a "woman on the inside" is just as absurd as a white person claiming to be "an African American on the inside." CMV
I think Peter the Great of Russia was absolute in everything he did CMV
I think Breaking Bad is overrated for what it is. CMV.
I believe that tracking (aka, remedial, average, advanced classes) are the only good way of structuring an education system. CMV
I believe in eugenics. CMV
Smoking and/or drinking alcohol while pregnant should be illegal. CMV
Liberals don't care about individual people, only specific groups. CMV
I believe that non-violent protests are pointless. CMV.
I think Instant run off should be used on every single election. CMV.
The film version of Eragon is a complete waste of time. CMV.
I believe the height of music was the 1960's-1980's, and most music made since then is terrible. CMV
I believe that childhood obesity is child abuse and parents should have their children taken from them, just as parents who starve their children do. CMV.
I believe nuclear power is safe and there is no problem with it. CMV.
The concept of self-plagiarism being unethical/punishable is wrong CMV
[CMV] I think that internet data caps by cable ISPs are wrong and will keep new forms of media and data delivery from flourishing.
I believe philosophy as a concept needs to be taught to children in school. CMV.
Being gay is not natural and is not natural, CMV.
I think it it perfectly acceptable to not only be proud of being white but open about it. OR that race should not be celebrated at all. CMV
After training for 12 years in martial art i have now come to think that just about all "traditional" martial arts are a waste of time save for fun/light exercise. CMV
I believe it is 100% fine to topple a boulder in a park, regardless of how old it is, as hikers featured on CNN (article in description) did. CMV.
I believe that most music played on the radio is detrimental to youth's listening to it. CMV.
I believe that teaching the upcoming generation about segregation (although important) leads to racial tension. CMV.
No one "deserves" a certain quality of movies, games, books, etc. from an industry. If you don't like it, don't give em your money. CMV
Birthdays are something that don't need to be public. CMV.
I believe that physical appearance is equal to personality when looking for a relationship. CMV
I believe that if by the time you are in your 20s you haven't had at least some sexual, social and romantic experience in your life, nowadays, you are unlikely to have a happy and fulfilling life in the future. CMV
I feel that photomanips of actors into sexual situations to achieve character "slash" fantasies/pairings should be considered a form of sexual harassment. CMV.
I believe the US has to right to collect intelligence abroad, kill terrorist threats abroad with no trial, and support "friendly" non-democratic regimes to do so. CMV
I believe that most people should not be blindly encouraged to get married or become sexually exclusive. It causes a lot of emotional harm through powerful jealousy as well as sexual restraint, and often leads to physical violence. CMV
Indoor live music gigs are far too loud, and should be quieter. CMV.
I believe that horses should be banned from the road or incur heavy taxes. CMV.
I believe the criticism of Twilight is just thinly veiled misogynysm CMV
Unless an economic system includes wealth redistribution, the system will eventually result in a small amount of people holding all wealth. Therefore, I support wealth redistribution. CMV
I believe that the disparity between property taxes is the reason why bad neighborhoods host bad school districts and that all property taxes should go into a "pool" and equally distributed between every school district CMV
I believe that calling yourself a "feminist" implies that you only recognize socio-economic issues as they relate to women, and give no regard to issues regarding men, otherwise you would call yourself a Humanist before a Feminist. Please CMV
I don't believe there is significant value in paying attention to the news - Please CMV
I think that it is MORE okay for men to have a large number of sexual partners than for women to have a large number of sexual partners, CMV.
I have strong rape/coercion urges, and should probably commit suicide before I hurt others. CMV.
They shouldn't call it "Men's Rights". CMV
I believe Absolute Atheism is just as bad as the Crazy Theists out there. CMV
I believe that hard recreational drugs should be legal. CMV
A believe "herd immunity" to be a pseudo science CMV
I believe that allowing people to have as many children as they want while continuing to give more and more assistance is hurting society. CMV.
I think the Daleks are completely justified. CMV
I think that parents that quit their jobs to raise a family are a detriment to society. CMV
I believe desire creates a void and sense of emptiness within us, and is created within our various states of mind. Especially in context to our sexuality, this void is substantially more fragile and is the cause of much despair. CMV.
Breast Cancer Awareness Month should be abolished CMV
I think that if a player from team A is ejected from the game for a targeting penalty, team B gets to choose 1 active player from team A's roster to sit out for the rest of the game. (College Football) CMV
Porn is a form of prostitution CMV
I believe that I am worthless. CMV.
I think claiming that an act against people of poverty as "racist" is actually more racist than the people doing said action, CMV.
I think nudity and obscenity should be protected under the First Amendment. CMV.
I believe internet marketing is the equivalent of selling snake oil. CMV
I think exams are fun, a good experience for seeing how I know my content, and people who stress about them and constantly complain are dicks, CMV
If making negative stereotypes about any culture/race constitutes racism, then portraying the Japanese as being weird is being racist. CMV.
I think that Daisy Coleman (or her parents) were at least partially responsible for her story. CMV
I beleive affirmative action is as unfair as the problem it is trying to fix. CMV.
Supervillains are really just lonely people, CMV.
Soldiers are not inherently heroes. CMV.
I think volunteerism os a scam to get free labor and that if I am to dedicate any significant amount of time working for someone, I expect monetary compensation. CMV
Being a mom is not the same as having a job. CMV
Genderswap ad campaigns ultimately do little to address the issues they attempt to. CMV.
I believe the concept of having "cheat meals" is nothing but an excuse for periodic binge-eating. CMV
Vinyl records are inferior to CD and other digital formats
I believe Black Friday is a detestable corporate made tradition that turns people into mindless consumers and allows companies to force employees away from their families just to make more sales CMV
I think some cephalopods (Humboldt squid, most octopuses) are more advanced and efficient at communicating than humans. CMV
I think stock market trading is just short term exploitation and should rather be quarterly investments. CMV.
CMV - I think that the argue about the debt ceiling is stupid, childish and has no gain.
I believe being optimistic does more harm than good. CMV
中國字母表: I believe that non-phonetic writing systems, such as Chinese, are inherently and objectively inferior to phonetic alphabets, and should be phased out. CMV
I think that all states should accept the federal government's funding to expand Medicaid to people to the people making up to 133% of the federal poverty level. CMV
I find it hypocritical that some people support drug decriminalization but also strongly support gun control 'CMV'
I believe *Assassin's creed III* was not a good game. CMV
I wish the federal government would really shut down and declare bankruptcy. I know you can CMV
I think that doing any kind of drugs are wrong, because they give only temporary happiness. CMV, please.
I believe that performance enhancing drugs should be allowed in professional sports. CMV.
I think U.S. taxes should be a set amount for everyone, rather than % of income, CMV.
I believe that marriage is wrong. CMV.
I believe that a pseudo-communist system would work in all developed countries. CMV
I believe that squirrels run in front of cars and get hit so much because they are thrill seekers akin to human base jumpers and skydivers. CMV
Through censoring violent or gruesome footage of world events shown in the media, we are sanitising our world view which leads to inaction where there would otherwise be intervention.
I believe that Government should stay out of any type of industry. CMV
Money is a universal representation of value. Each community should be equipped with a credit facility of infinite numerical capacity to pay for the human labour required within communities. CMV.
I believe that Americans care too much about the safety of their children. CMV.
US congressional district gerrymandering is tantamount to corruption, and undermines our democracy. CMV.
I believe American English should NOT be the official language of the United States. CMV
I think Weed is toxic to your psyche and it should be kept illegal , CMV
I believe that a person's life is as equally insignificant as any other's no matter who they are and that life in general is pointless CMV
I don't respect the mindset of the troops. CMV
I think r/politics attitude toward Republicans is way over the top, undemocratic, and really quite scary CMV
I believe that a free market solution to Health Care costs in the U.S. Is not only plausible, bu the most efficient solution. CMV.
I believe that Ante Gotovina was just as bad of a war criminal as any Serbian war criminal and the fact that he was acquitted shows that the ICU is extremely biased against Serbia. CMV
I believe arming teachers in the classroom is totally infeasible due to numerous risks.
I never saw anything wrong with Revenge. CMV.
The notion that college sports are superior because they are "more about the passion" and their equivalent pro sports are "all about money" is a delusion. CMV
I believe everyone is a product of their genes and their environment, and so all their choices are inevitable and they're not to blame. CMV
I think cyberbullying is BS, CMV
I believe that World Peace is within our grasp. I challenge You to CMV.
I believe that the categorization of bi-racial people, particularly half white and half black, purely as black, has strong racist undertones.cmv
I'm losing faith in trying to perform well in my sport (cross-country) because I believe that some other competitors have an unfair genetic advantage. CMV
I believe eating cat or dog meat is no more unethical than eating beef or pork. CMV
I don't think that minimum wage should be raised CMV
I don't believe that inclusion works, and that students with special need should be schooled separately. CMV
I think astrology is just as dangerous as racism and for the same reason. CMV
I believe the Confederate flag of the South should be considered as reprehensible as the Nazi flag. CMV.
(Probably spoilers) Bean was a far more competent commander than Ender, and should have been given the post of Commander. CMV
The fact that religions rely heavily on indoctrinating children proves they are lies. CMV
I think that education is the single most important factor in the development of a country. CMV.
I believe "Broadway" Joe Namath is wildly overrated and does not deserve his place in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. CMV.
A psychedelic experience is a Qualia, therefore the opinions on it of those who haven't gone through one is illegitimate and irrelevant, similar with a deaf guy trying to narrate by gestures a musical symphony to other deaf guys. CMV
I agree with the European Union that all prisoners in the UK should have the right to vote. CMV
I believe that universities are better than liberal arts colleges. CMV
I believe we should put a ceiling on the amount of alcohol sold per day in America, if not return to prohibition entirely. CMV.
I think cross dressers are creepy. CMV.
I think Monsanto hate is unjustified. CMV
CMV - Every single local/state/federal government employee should be consistently and repeatedly drug tested
I believe that House Republicans are entirely to blame for the US Government Shut down. CMV.
I believe that reposts are OK. CMV
CMV. I think that purposely having a child of your own instead of adopting is selfish.
I think women have it much easier when it comes to dating. CMV
I think that Obama hasn't made any good decisions since he took office. CMV
I see no value in gaining close friendships. CMV.
I think Batman's insistence on not killing the Joker is a dangerous self-indulgence. CMV
I think feminism Benefits men in many ways CMV
China's economy and society will collapse CMV
I think that it should be illegal to protest at a funeral. CMV
I feel like im becoming a human robot. CMV
I believe that grown adults should not be punished for choosing to not wear a bicycle helmet. CMV
I frequently steal from large corporations. I don't believe I am hurting anybody or doing anything wrong. CMV.
I believe the government should only issue civil union certificates and leave the marriages to religious groups. CMV
I don't think a man is at fault if he has sex with a drunk woman (or man I suppose) CMV
I think that saying "Thank you for your service" to vets is unnecessary and in a lot of cases unwarranted CMV
I think complaints that the media "provides false balance" and "is dangerously polarized" are at odds. CMV.
I think any "Zero Tolerance" policy is simply laziness on behalf of its implementer. CMV
I don't believe that the military should have different fitness standards for men and women. CMV
I don't think illegal drugs in America is bad. CMV
I think that video gaming was grown as a male centric product, and feminist arguments against the industry are invalid. CMV
I believe that STEM majors are inherently superior to Humanities majors. CMV.
Felons should be allowed to vote and absentee ballots should be available for prisons. CMV
Reality is cognitively/socially constructed. It is meaningless to talk about an external reality. CMV.
I don't believe Motherhood is the Hardest Job. CMV.
I do not think that non-essential charities should exist until every person on earth has their basic needs met. CMV.
When cats eat their dead owners, the cats shouldn't automatically get put down. CMV.
Capital punishment is never justified CMV
I hold no value for human life and believe that no single human life or death holds any significance. CMV
Columbus doesn't deserve to be hated like this. CMV
I believe Rock and Roll is a "dying" genre of music, CMV.
I believe that calling the USA "America" is outdated and arrogant, CMV
I think that the average “Western” person should change his/her eating habits. CMV
I believe desert metropolises that rely on irrigated water (Phoenix, Las Vegas, etc.) are ecologically disastrous. Millions of people should not live where there is no natural water source. CMV
I believe there is no such thing as truth. CMV.
Non-progressive tax codes invariably end with a massive accumulation of wealth in the top 1%. CMV
I think machines and computers will replace 90% of human jobs within 30 years. CMV
I don't think anybody is born gay. CMV.
CMV I don't believe easy access to guns should be considered "factors" when someone commits suicide.
I think it is wrong for street performers to force people to listen to their music by performing in places that others are forced to be in. CMV.
I consider(ed) myself politically to be more in-line with Republicans, but not sure if I am anymore. CMV
I don't believe graduate school should make exceptions for those with a learning disability. CMV
I don't think that artists are entitled to income from their works. CMV
I think all "quantitative easing" and investment of capital into the markets should come via direct tax cuts, low income subsidies, Public Good programs or low income assistance programs, CMV.
I believe that if you cheat on your partner more than once that you should break up with them. CMV
Our lives are our own, so we should have the right to end if disease and pain are likely to make up the remainder of it. CMV.
I believe that National Socialism is a superior form of government/ideology than Constitutional Republics/Democracy. CMV.
I believe that we as a culture have a responsibility to our citizens to educate them each time they make the mistake of believing that astrology has any scientific validity whatsoever. CMV
I think dog breed specific legislation is analogous to human racism. CMV
I think we will see a computocracy emerge within the next century. CMV
People react with outrage to being called gay. I believe this is perpetuating homophobia. CMV
I believe that if marijuana were legalized, people in jail for related crimes should have to serve the remainder of their sentences CMV
I don't like impressions and impersonations. CMV.
I don't think a reasonable, informed person can doubt that Darwinian evolution is true. CMV.
I believe money does buy you happiness. CMV
I believe gender roles are OK. CMV.
I think sexual exclusivity in the age of birth control is asinine. CMV.
I am not in support of GMOs. CMV.
I think that "adoption-only" programs for pets only enforces the backyard breeding and various other problems that it aims to prevent. CMV
I believe Congress should restrict internet speech. CMV.
I don't think some college/university courses are more valuable than others. CMV
I don't think memes and fedoras are all that bad, CMV.
I accept that the environment and the economy are going to hell in the next few decades but I won't make any changes to my lifestyle to prepare and will just kill myself if/when TSHTF. CMV
I believe that recent college graduates who cannot find jobs largely have themselves to blame. CMV.
I these economic times, cutting back on space exploration makes sense. CMV
I think that hunting is, in many cases, ethically sound. CMV
CMV On console gaming
I believe automatic flushing toilets should only go in handicap toilet stalls. CMV.
Afterlife is worse than no afterlife
The line between victim blaming &amp; giving false signals.CMV
I believe digital personal assistants offer an ethical and immediate answer to poverty.
Pokemon is just like Call of Duty.
I believe that there is nothing inherently wrong with 'political correctness', and that it does not contradict freedom of speech. CMV
I believe that if a woman lies to her sexual partner about taking birth control, the man bears no responsibility (financial or otherwise) for any child that is conceived. CMV
I should be able to choose what I want to pay for in regards to my healthcare insurance. CMV!
I believe the US spends too much money on its military. CMV.
I support the big business move to fight the Tea Party, because I think the business-influenced GOP is better for the US than the Tea Party influenced GOP. CMV.
I believe that in person discussion, confrontation, etc. is better than the electronic alternative. CMV!
It is racist to say that cultural appropriation is racist. [CMV]
I believe that freedom of the press has a limit, and that the Daily Mail should be fined or punished in some other way for going beyond this limit. CMV
I believe Amazon's tiered Seller Central system damages individual sellers and is anti-competitive. CMV!
CMV : Ron Paul's foreign policy would have been disastrous
I think that political parties should be abolished and candidates should be independent and represent their constituents. CMV
I believe the NSA did nothing wrong. CMV.
The natural world is all that exists. That mind and consciousness are fully explained by the physical state of the brain. That the brain obeys natural laws just like every other piece of matter. That means the brain cannot choose contrary to the natural laws of the universe (no free will). CMV
I believe that, starting at childhood, all people should be taught safe sex techniques, and should be encouraged to explore their sexuality in every way. CMV!
I believe gaming DRM is a good thing and the future. CMV.
I believe taxation is immoral. CMV
I don't believe that, regarding sexual preference, we're necessarily born that way. CMV
Political Correctness is a lazy attempt at uniting a diverse group of people CMV
I believe that Pusha T's album My Name Is My Name is the best hip hop album released this year. CMV
I believe MP's and Senators should be independent and political parties abolished, CMV
I believe that only purpose of life is reproduction, CMV
I think Tim Tebow is not an NFL-caliber QB. CMV
I think it's crazy and stupid that people are so against "mainstream" music. CMV!
I think muslim headscarves are sexist, because if they aren't, why aren't muslim men wearing them too? CMV!
I think that the argument "Humanity shouldn't expand into space until we stop harming Earth" is utter nonsense. CMV
I think teens sexting isn't really that big a deal, and that adults handling of it makes it much worse. CMV.
I do not believe that anyone can be 100% sure about anything. CMV
I believe falsification is an inadequate demarcation criterion. CMV
I believe that sentient mental constructs sometimes known as "Tulpas" exist. CMV
I believe the term "rape survivor" doesn't make any sense. CMV
I believe the US political system is inherently flawed and this holds it back from fulfilling its potential. CMV
I think the vast majority of overweight and obese people eat too much and move too little. CMV.
I believe that people who are for socialism are people who hate hard work &amp; ambition, and also do not understand the implications of taking incentives away from self-made entrepreneurs. CMV.
I believe the media is negatively biased against white characters particularly regarding serial killings CMV
I believe the Japanese system of teaching English should be totally overhauled. CMV
I think that people who were "spanked" (i.e. abused) as children, and who are OK with this treatment now, were desensitized to violence and suffer from something like Stockholm syndrome. CMV
I do not believe that pacifism is effective against terrorism. CMV
I believe all mass-market advertising should be banned; CMV.
I believe that free market roads are not feasible. CMV.
There must be something physically wrong with men/women who don't want children and homosexuals. CMV.
I believe monetary profit and employment are very poor indicators for whether something is a good idea. CMV.
I think 2013 should be pronounced as twenty thirteen, not two thousand thirteen. CMV
I believe that holding a door open for someone is more trouble than it's worth for both parties, and should no longer be considered polite. CMV
I implicitly trust the government no matter who is in charge of it. CMV.
I believe the Death Star is a space ship and not a space station. CMV
I don't think that Congress should have a waiver for Obamacare. CMV
I don't believe our culture is in any sort of moral decline. CMV
I think the U.S. government is under no obligation to pardon Snowden or treat him any differently than anyone who would commit a similar crime. CMV.
CMV - I believe that the crimes committed by the Nazis, even though they were terrible, are a display of human nature
I think its ok to hit your children as a form of dicipline(within reason) CMV
I believe that Harm Reduction type strategies like supervised injection sites for heroin are both more morally responsible and more effective than the hard line stance against addiction. CMV
There will never be another MMORPG as massive, addictive, time consuming, sandbox friendly, and successful as WOW
I don't think free will "exists." CMV
I think foreign direct investment is a good thing. CMV
I believe extraterrestrial life exists heavily throughout the universe and reaches out to us. I believe humanity could achieve mass awareness and complete contact with extraterrestrial life through a unified leap of faith. CMV
I keep seeing many 'social justice' threads and debates here lately, so here's my pet peeve. Fat acceptance, HAES, thin privilege, are all utterly insignificant, and will never amount to anything. CMV?
CMV : Vegans Should Stop Labelling or Calling Their Food w/ Meat Names or Terms.
I think it's irrational to 100% say there's no higher power and to say there is one. CMV
I believe that studying a secondary language in school is useless. CMV
I think Malala Yousafzai doesn't deserve the Nobel Peace Prize. CMV
All US public schools (jr high-high school) should have a theology class in them. CMV
I hate government employees/public unions CMV.
CMV I think I shouldn't give money to the beggars standing by the highway exits.
I believe that giving to the poor is a purely moral/religious action and should not be conducted by the government, because it mixes morals/religion with government. CMV.
Nuclear Fusion as a basis for sustainable energy is a fantasy, CMV
American universities spend too much money on their football teams. CMV
I think it should be a punishable crime if an American government employee advocates their religious beliefs into their policies CMV
Napster effect on everything: Technology should popularly engineered to pass production power to the individual. CMV
I believe that liberals are spoiled pricks. CMV
I believe homeopathy should be used as an alternative to certain drugs to fight overmedication. CMV
Suspicionless mandatory drug testing is illegal and destructive to the economy. CMV.
I believe that the current state of government in the United States is corrupt beyond repair. CMV.
I believe that everyone is selfish and there is no true kindness in people. CMV
I feel that college-level classes should not count attendance as part of a student's overall grade. CMV
I think team logos such as the Washington Redskins and Cleveland Indians are racially insensitive, and should be changed. CMV
I don't believe that furloughed government employees should be paid for the days they didn't work. CMV
I believe that giving a full month to breast cancer awareness at this level of publicity is unnecessary and annoying. CMV.
The slut "double standard" is perfectly legitimate. Only women can be sluts. CMV.
I do not believe Suicide is inherently wrong. CMV
I believe men shouldn't be expected to put the toilet seat down for women. CMV
I believe that the Large Hadron Collider is a waste of public money. CMV
I believe supporting troops but not supporting a war is counter-productive. CMV
I think political correctness is a useless concept. CMV
When I hear a friend has an opinion/belief that I don't agree with, I feel it would be a disservice to both of us to not argue about it. CMV
I believe that American schools should not force students to recite the Pledge of Allegiance everyday. CMV
I think that MLB teams should have 12 pitchers who each pitches for a few innings as needed, rather than a 5-man rotation and 7 relievers. CMV.
CMV the stigma against wearing high school letterman jackets in college is stupid.
I believe I have an obligation to give substantially to others, including donating organs and most of my income. CMV
I feel as though nothing is important CMV
I believe that suicide is "wrong" and should not be legal CMV
I'll fat-shame and slut-shame, as long as they short-shame and virgin-shame. CMV
I believe that in the U.S. the political left is the establishment. CMV
I believe subscription services like Netflix and the NY Times should be legally required to allow consumers to buy memberships that don't automatically renew. CMV
I believe that some parts of Islam are extremely dangerous and should be questioned/examined vigorously. CMV.
I believe wages should be based on how much the individual contributes to society. CMV
I believe that humans are special. We are more than the sum of our parts, and are more than just highly evolved animals. CMV
I believe that the /r/bestof subreddit should allow posts from the default subreddits. CMV
I don't see there is anything wrong with Lobbying [CMV]
I believe with so many different genres, styles, time periods, and "tastes", music reviews (like Rolling Stone) have no value. CMV.
I believe the U.S political system is so broken and corrupt, that we are past the point of no return and there is no use participating. I have never voted and do not plan to vote - CMV
I wish more male sexual assault victims would report their experience, not just because I think they should feel safe using our justice system, etc., but because I think it would change the unfair way people scrutinize sexual assault victims. CMV.
I believe the digital nature of BitCoin creates greater vulnerability to hacking, hijacking, and multi-agent inflation. CMV.
I believe that taking a course in Statistics is more valuable for the average High School senior than taking a class in Calculus. CMV
I think all pets should be sold sterilized. CMV
I believe people as a whole are bad at discussing ineffective decisions, and priorities in general. Please CMV.
I believe in Jesus Christ. CMV.
I don't think I should use all the locks on my door. CMV
I believe political science should not be considered a science. [CMV]
Obamacare's individual mandate is not a new concept. It follows the same logic as any other public service. CMV
I believe the economic embargo of Cuba is pointless and should be lifted. CMV
I pay $95/month (after discount) for Internet access. I believe whatever "piracy" I partake in is perfectly reasonable. CMV
I believe that a website having rules for a password is over complicated and pointless. CMV
I believe the metric system is at least equivalent to usefulness as the Imperial for back of the envelope and quick measurments.
I think we have to uplift non-human species and give them full equal rights. CMV.
I believe that the /r/atheism definitions of "atheism" and "agnosticis" are demonstrably worse than the common definitions. CMV.
I won't vote for a Republican again in my lifetime. CMV.
I think Kathryn Janeway of *Star Trek: Voyager*, was the worst Trek captain, by a mile. CMV.
I believe indefinite detention without trial is one of the worst human rights violations and leaders who use it deserve to go to jail. CMV
America is succumbing to corruption. CMV
President Obama and the Senate Democratic Majority have two options: 1. Cave to GOP demands on Obamacare or 2. Lose the fight and see the far-reaching consequences to the US and Global Economy
Children should be allowed to climb up the slide at playgrounds, and parents shouldn't discourage them. CMV
I believe we HAVE free will, CMV.
[CMV] There mere act of valuing money is self-destructive and will cause you to lead an unhappy life
I don't think the rich are to blame, I think consumerism is.
I think that scholarships specifically designated for a certain race are racist. CMV.
I don't think that family members of people who have served in the military should receive extra benefits unless their family member's service has caused significant financial burden. CMV
I believe prostitution should be legal. CMV.
I think holistic medicine is a joke and modern medicine is the way to go. CMV
David Simon's The Wire is the height of human artistic achievement to this point. CMV. [Spoilers]
I believe Scotland shote vote 'No' on the independence vote in 2014. CMV.
I don't think pedophilia is wrong. CMV
I believe the prevalence of obesity in less wealthy communities is mainly caused by environmental factors instead of poor choices. CMV
I think that GTAV is a shitty game that doesn't add anything new to gaming or innovate anything new. CMV
[CMV] Moving to a new country usually ends unsuccessful.
I believe that the left is significantly less responsible for the government shutdown than the right (basically it's the republicans' fault). CMV
I think jealousy with regards to significant others is directly related to insecurity and should be seen as a character flaw, not a rational reaction. CMV.
The most important issue in current US politics is changing how we elect government officials. CMV.
I think rinsing your hands (without soap) after using the bathroom does more harm than good. CMV
I think astrology is pretty much bullshit. CMV
I don't think that incest between siblings should be illegal. CMV.
I think that if a woman smoked/drank during her pregnancy and gives birth to a "defective" child, she should be charged with child abuse CMV
I am concerned that household recycling make no appreciable difference. CMV
NSW, Australia has introduced a law stating anyone who kills a cop while on duty gets a mandatory life sentence. I don't think the life of a cop is more significant than the life of a civilian. CMV.
Libertarians hold the view that a stateless society could work (for the more optimistic among them even be a Utopia) but I am at a utter loss for this being at all possible. CMV.
I believe hard drug users are unethical for funding systemic violence to sustain their habits. CMV
I don't think killing someone is worse than severely damaging them (physically, emotionally, sexually, etc). CMV
I truly believe hip-hop has gone downhill since the rise of trap music as I believe the artists are not as skilled in lyrics and production. CMV
I don't buy the argument that "you can't consent to being harmed." CMV.
I believe our life is deterministic. CMV
I don't think it's right that game developers sell Alpha/Beta access to their games, that Steam facilitates it, or that gamers buy into it. CMV.
I think abstract art is just an excuse for bad artists to pass off their work as art. CMV.
White people are privileged because they are the 'default setting'. CMV.
I believe color terms for race (white, black) are meaningless, unhelpful and shouldn't be used. CMV.
I believe that people that bully someone into commuting suicide should be punished. CMV
CMV Not liking the way overweight people or black people look doesn't make me prejudiced or racist
I think Edward Snowden is one of the worst traitors in recent history, and that the NSA is not a bad agency. CMV
[Mod Post] Minor changes, feedback needed, + looking for 2 mods!
I believe that parents who knowingly carry gene mutations of deadly genetic diseases should be charged with manslaughter and child endangerment if the child dies of the disease.
I think that Sinead O'Connors open letter to Miley Cyrus was a condescending rant, and that Miley Cyrus should be able to own her sexuality on whatever way she sees fit. CMV.
In their recent and ongoing dispute, Miley Cyrus is in the wrong in her attack aimed at Sinead O'Connor. CMV.
An Intelligence Explosion is imminent. CMV.
We live in a society that values having children too much and anyone who prefers having children over adoption is selfish. CMV
CMV. I do not believe Aliens have visited earth.
I believe congressional districts and the electoral college should be abolished. CMV
I believe that most fat people are useless, unattractive, and pathetic, yet I am a fat guy. CMV.
I believe suffering and pain is an ephemeral necessity that builds character, but one must push through them to achieve happiness again. CMV.
I believe that morals derive from religion, CMV.
America shouldn't have bombed Dresden.cmv
We are witnessing the beginning of the end of the Republican party.
I honestly believe in the Illuminati. CMV
I believe that security programs like the NSA are an overall good thing. CMV.
I do not believe that voting should be compulsory. CMV.
I believe that socialism (as well as socialized industry) is much easier to accomplish in a racially homogenous society. CMV.
Biking on the road scares the crap out of me as both a driver and a bicyclist, even on bike lanes. CMV.
I Think Artists Who Remix Songs are Stealing From the Original Creator. CMV
I'm a libertarian, and, despite the fact this goes against almost everything I should believe in, I feel that we should ditch Obamacare, and just go to a single payer system. CMV
Showing ID to vote doesn't violate anyones rights. CMV
I believe that major subreddits should ban calling other users "Shill". CMV.
If you are pro-life then you should also be pro-contraceptives. CMV.
I think that the stock market is full of capitalist leeches who produce no value yet siphon off capital from the market. CMV
I believe that not covering birth control pills (or other birth control methods) whilst covering erectile dysfunction medication (such as Viagra) is immoral. CMV.
I believe that the United States Congress should be de-centralized in order to limit corruption and increase actual representation and involvement of the States and Citizens. Please CMV.
I believe America should go default on its loans, go through another Great Depression and a massive national change of values if it truly wants to solve it's major problems. CMV.
I think that if you "break check" someone in the Passing Lane instead of just getting out of the way, you're being a jerk. CMV
I believe citations should not be monetary punishments, but community service requirements. CMV
I believe that while one needs to be considerate while choosing to ride the elevator, it is wrong to berate those who only ride it a floor or so. CMV.
I think F2P is a bad business model for gaming CMV
I think that KFC's Go-Cup is no more harmful than driving stick/manual. CMV.
I believe the attorney-client privilege should be abolished CMV
I believe that a single payer health care system is inherently flawed, CMV.
I believe Batman should have killed Joker long, long ago. CMV
I'm not convinced that reading fiction is a more productive way of spending leisure time than playing video games or browsing Reddit. CMV
I believe that "resisting arrest" should not be a criminal offense. CMV.
I don't think that Reverse-Racism exists, CMV.
I Think The Shutting Down Of The Silk Road Is A Good Thing. CMV
I don't think British people have a right to get angry over US political standoffs. CMV.
I believe in the child-told rhetoric that you can be whatever you want to be. CMV
I think there are no such things as company culture or brand values CMV
Teachers should get paid more. CMV.
I believe that using an Adblocker is morally wrong. CMV.
I believe it should be illegal for insurance companies to raise your rates when you are hit by an uninsured driver. CMV
History as a requirement is a waste of time used in public school. CMV.
I believe that as an adult with no musical background whatsoever, it is virtually impossible for me to be skilled composer and player. CMV
I think the US would benefit from the GOP taking the House again in 2014. CMV
I think that the government shutdown in America is a good thing, showing how extraneous much of the government really is and how much of it can be cut or reorganized to be less cost inefficient. CMV
I think the American Revolutionary War was an unjustified resort to violence, or at least premature. CMV.
I think the Glass Ceiling argument for the lack of women in senior management/board positions in first world countries is a load of crap. CMV
I think Obamacare isn't a good thing for America, CMV
I believe that the TEA party is completely detrimental to the American democratic process. CMV
The united states needs a new constitution. CMV.
I believe there are too many Pokémon. CMV.
Having an Obese child should be counted as child abuse. CMV
I think Germans should be allowed to start celebrating their country again. CMV
I don't think employers should be responsible for providing health insurance for their employees. CMV.
I think people who only wear clothes if they are "in fashion" are gullible sheep. CMV
I believe that the natural resources and intellectual property within the USA should be common pool resources, and citizens should pay royalties for their exclusive use. CMV
President Obama should tell Speaker Boehner and House Majority Leader Cantor that they will get nothing, on camera, in the oval office. [CMV]
I don't think there is any meaningful genetic difference between human races. CMV
I believe Toronto's electric streetcars are an unjustifiable, inefficient nuisance and would best be replaced by busses. CMV
House Speaker Boehner is directly responsible for the current government shutdown, CMV
Reality in the US is much worse and scarier than depicted in George Orwell's "1984". CMV
I think Homeland has turned into the new Lost and I'm not going to watch it anymore. CMV [spoilers]
I believe that the left-right scale of politics is at best simplistic and at worst harmful and wrong. CMV
I don't think the USA is a great place to live. CMV.
I believe the Republican Party is purposefully driving the country into a catestrophic financial and social collapse. CMV
The US constitution, in how it defines the structure of government and the laws of the land, is fundamentally flawed and must be changed, CMV [Very long post]
On why I shouldn't allow a police officer to search me when I have 'nothing to hide'. CMV
I believe in moral absolutes. CMV
I find nothing wrong with publicly displaying a Mac or PC program's authors. CMV.
I recently started a job as a car salesman, I feel like I'm going to inevitably be ripping people off and that the job itself has absolutely no purpose. Please CMV!
I think repeat DUI offenders who have caused bodily injury to another person should no longer be allowed to buy alcohol for as long as they are being punished. CMV.
I don't think Christianity is true CMV
I think everyone posting about withholding Congress' salary is part of the problem; Congressional salaries are far, FAR too low. CMV
I believe identifying yourself as "otherkin" must be taken either as a mental disorder or childish bullshit. CMV
I believe that Obamacare is a good idea. CMV.
I believe any woman can have sex whenever she wants it. CMV
I believe that the Affordable Care Act reforms some of the key problems with the state of healthcare in the United States. CMV
I believe fake service dog vests/papers are dangerous and irresponsible and should be made illegal. CMV.
I don't understand why I need to watch or read the news. CMV
I think Senior Citizens, persons of age 65 and over, should be required by law to take a annual driver license renewal test, CMV.
Mental Illness Is Used as a Scapegoat for Violent Crimes. CMV.
I don't see what the big deal is with Monsanto, CMV
Over-qualification is not a legitimate reason to deny a job applicant a certain position. CMV.
I believe that all the men/women equality movements are doing more harm than good. CMV
I don't think the government shutdown is a big deal. CMV.
I think that the government shut down is primarily due to the extreme political views and utter ineptitude of the republican party. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 10/01/13
I think an ideal society would be run by technocrats that heavily fund education, healthcare, and science. CMV
I believe speed cameras are only a good thing and am a firm believer in "If you follow the rules, you have nothing to hide." CMV
I believe news organizations that knowingly lie should not be allowed to label themselves "News". CMV.
I don't think school bullying is a problem worth fighting. CMV
i think most abortions are wrong CMV
I believe in 100% freedom of information CMV
I believe people who complain about spoilers stupid [CMV]
People that blame both parties for the US shutdown are part of the problem. CMV
Tall people are scary. CMV.
We should be developing infrastructure for safely jettisoning nuclear waste away from Earth into space. CMV
I think mostly everyone working at the same time (9 to 5) is an inefficient system CMV
Cartoon porn containing minors should be legal, cmv?
People who criticize (specifically with US politics) all political parties are like "political atheists." CMV
I think that every worldview is valuable and contains some element of truth. CMV.
In the event of a government shutdown, I think that Congress should be part of the personnel that does not get paid. CMV.
I Think I Should Drop Out of College and Pursue Technical Work. CMV
I think There Will Be Blood is a terrible movie. CMV (Spoilers, obviously)
I don't believe we'll live long enough to see any real consequences to getting the US into abysmal amounts of debt. CMV.
I think less of people who use Apple products CMV
I believe GTA V should be re-labeled AO 18+. CMV
Americas Policing the World is todays “Manifest Destiny” CMV
I think Mad Men sucks. CMV
I believe that people who worship "modern" gods and view deities of ancient religions as fictional are hypocrites. CMV
I believe that I should break up with my girlfriend sooner rather than later since I never want to get married. CMV
Education is not the single most important factor in the development of a country CMV
I believe the Epicurean Paradox (or, Problem of Evil) adequately disproves the existence of a Christian God. CMV (Seriously, please)!
As a mountain biker, I fail to see the benefits of running tubeless...or even presta valves.
I believe using AdBlocker is wrong if a website isn't charging you to view its content. CMV.
I do not believe there is any proof that military service has a positive effect on character traits such as work ethic, entitlement, or respectfulness relative to non-military education/career paths. CMV
I am a high school teacher who refuses to watch Breaking Bad because it turns a respectable career into what appears to be unrealistic shock entertainment. CMV
There are very few reasons to use turn signals when driving. CMV.
We are not in a crisis, and people constantly shouting that we are will give companies an excuse to shut down. CMV
I believe the United States ought not to switch over to the metric system. CMV.
I believe working your generic "9 to 5" after college is not bad at all. CMV
I think we require an immediate program of global geoengineering to prevent extinction of life on Earth. CMV.
I think that expressionism art &amp; similar genres are basically garbage. CMV
I believe inheritance should not be taxed. CMV
I think that Firefly is one of the most overrated pieces of shit of all time. CMV
I don't think James Bond and David Bowie are a big deal. CMV
I can't see any logic in the anarchist ideology. Educate me and CMV
An 18yo having sex with a 17yo is not, in general, unethical. CMV
I believe the eventual widespread arrival of anarchy is plausible. CMV.
A Government shutdown is worse than putting up with Obamacare, using it as political leverage demonstrates incapacity to lead.
I believe that biology teachers in the US who do not accept evolution should be banned from teaching the subject through administering a test. CMV
I don't believe that anorexia or bulimia should be considered a medical disorder CMV
I don't believe in the 3rd Dimension! CMV
I believe Capitalism is the only valid economic system. CMV
I believe that 16:10 is a better aspect ration than 16:9 for screens of computers, tablets and cellphones. CMV
I don't think climate change is anything to worry about. CMV
Buying coffee "to-go" from coffee shops is a waste of time and money, CMV
I don't believe men in relationships nowadays should be subject to always paying for women. CMV
I think that "gimmick" shouldn't be a negative term when talking about video games. CMV
CMV. I believe a majority of government workers are overpaid, and underworked. If they didn’t realize this as well, they would be quitting in droves instead of whining about possible furloughs or unpaid work.
I believe that morality isn't black and white but rather a grey area based upon the time, place, and situation you are in. CMV
I believe that the Australian Government is an oligarchy parading as a democracy to fool the masses into complacency. CMV
[CMV] I think that life is not a journey, the only thing that matters is how much success you have in your life.
I believe that deregulation never actually occurred between 1980-2007. CMV.
I feel that tattoos on or around a women's chest takes away from that natural beauty of their boobs. CMV!
I believe a lot of people will never find "love", CMV
I think Family Guy is bullshit. CMV
I think that twitter is for the most part, useless. CMV
I dont want to get the flu shot, CMV
I believe that human activity is responsible for a significant portion of the recent warming trend in the global environment. CMV.
I think democracy is an dangerously flawed system that ultimately leads to fascism. CMV
I believe that, due to chaos theory, it's impossible to know whether any action is right or wrong. CMV.
I feel that abortion is the best option for some girls who get pregnant in high school. CMV
Even as an Ex-Mormon, I still feel like Mormonism is a type of Christianity. CMV
I believe that conscription is inhumane and a waste of time. CMV.
Social interaction is chaotic and therefore bad. CMV.
I do not believe that Miley Cyrus has a 'responsibility' to the youth that follow her. CMV.
CMV I believe national service should be reinstated
Chinese Medicine is a waste of time and money, CMV.
Despite not being a fangirl, I think that the ridicule and hate directed at Justin Beiber, and those like him, is over the top. CMV.
Why do we have hourly Wages instead of Work Wages?CMV
I believe the historical value of the success of a team like the St Louis Cardinals is greater than that of a team such as the New York Yankees. CMV
I think the NFL is the glorification of social misfits who would be losers/punks/thugs/drug dealers if it weren't for their ability to run into one another. CMV
I believe Reddit protocol should be that "deleted" comments should never be fully deleted, but merely hidden not unlike a NSFW link. CMV
Why do credit unions get a tax subsidy but banks do not, because they pretty much act and function like banks now? CMV
I feel like GMOs are good for society as a whole. CMV.
I will be applying for a religious exemption on my taxes for the federally mandated ACA, not for actual religious purposes, but because I feel no need to pay. CMV
"Don't Upvote" is just as bad as "Upvote if", CMV
Los Angeles Unified School District's new $1 billion iPad program is a colossal waste of resources. CMV
I believe that nuclear weapons prevented a big global war that certainly would have happened in the second half of the 20th century. CMV.
I am seriously concerned that the U.S. Government is headed straight for Martial Law: CMV
I think anyone who doesn't respect Kanye West is ignorant and should not be taken seriously. CMV
If I don't have any morning meetings and I stay at work later than others, I shouldn't be judged in the corporate world for preferring to stay up late and wake up late. CMV.
I don't think you can be a legitimate fan of superheroes without having ever read a comicbook. CMV
I believe that it was wrong for Muhammad (prophet of Islam) to marry and have sex with a 9-year-old girl. CMV
I am an Australian, and I do not believe that a "Rape Culture" permeates through my society, as it does in other places of the world. CMV
I believe that you can NOT use the "its bad for you" excuse to justify why marijuana should be illegal, CMV
As a motorcyclist, I don't believe that I should have to pay more and face tougher testing procedures to obtain my licence. CMV.
I believe every healthy American should serve 2 years in the military, starting at age 18. CMV
[CMV] I think flag burning, and its desecration overall, is a protected under freedom of speech.
Teachers take on too much of a parenting role, which happens, but a teens behavior seems to be a reflection of the system and not the parent. This is an undesirable ethic. CMV.
I believe that consensual sex between two post-pubescent individuals is not wrong and should not be illegal, no matter the age disparity. CMV
I believe Zyzz (Aziz Shavershian the amateur body builder) was a horrible role model and doesn't deserve the praise or following he has. CMV
I believe this Marxist argument against capitalism cannot be resolved or negated by capitalism
I believe motorcyclists should not be allowed to straddle lanes or pass between cars. CMV
I believe that combat between two consenting adults, up to and including dueling, should be legal and regulated. CMV.
Lax gun control leads to a more brutal and militarized police force
I believe "Gamer Culture" is the equivalent of addicts hanging out to normalize their destructive behaviour. CMV!
I believe conservatives are rigid and incapable of change, it's not that they are resistant to it on principle. CMV.
I believe invasion of privacy by the government (and Google Street View ec.) isn't necessarily bad. CMV
I no longer love Star Wars, I used to be a huge fan but now I think it's become a bastardization of its former glory and just wish it would fade away from our culture into distant memories for better days. CMV
Plagiarism is taken way too seriously. CMV
I think that Studio Beats by Dre are good headphones. CMV
I believe that highly paid bank bosses do not generate enough utility to justify their wages. CMV
I believe the word "Retarded" is a perfectly accurate and inoffensive description for the mentally handicapped. CMV.
I think socialized healthcare is a wonderful idea, why are so many other Americans against it?
I believe that when the 'tuition bubble' pops in the United States, nobody should be bailed out, because higher education is not a right, it is a privilege. CMV.
I believe that public hate speech that invites people to violent behavior should not be protected under the first amendment. CMV.
I feel like all forms of entertainment are simply an optional means of passing time until something has a pressing need to be done. CMV
I believe unmuffled motorcycles should be banned from the streets. CMV.
I genuinely believe that the downvote system is needless. CMV
I think there are probably artistic and/or philosophical flaws in any activity, belief or work of art which is not equally attractive to men and women. CMV.
I think karma (as in upvotes) is a reasonable thing to enjoy/value, to a reasonable extent. CMV.
[CMV] I believe that divorce isn't really one of the worst things that can happen to you
I think r/politicaldiscussion has devolved into r/politics junior, CMV.
VLC is crap and Media Player Classic does everything better. CMV.
I think the Marxist ideal of collective ownership of the means of production would hinder progress and would not benefit companies or consumers. CMV
CMV I believe the major cause for problems in the middle east is the unconditional backing America gives Israel.
I believe the UK should be apart of Schengen and should also be more integrated into the EU. CMV
Dearest CMV, Carlos Slim will eventually sign The Giving Pledge.
[CMV] I believe that we should euthanize the severely disabled.
Downloading information off of the internet is not illegal in Canada. CMV
I believe civilians openly carrying a gun for the reason of 'crime deterrent' does nothing of the sort, and only creates fear and compromises the public's sense of safety. CMV.
I believe Libertarianism is more of a religion than an economic theory cmv
That pet is not your baby, not a member of your family- you bought it from a store. CMV
[CMV] I believe that Foreign Language should be switched to an elective, and that Comp. Science should take its place in the core curriculum.
I have no sympathy for suicide victims. CMV
I believe the rich should be more heavily taxed, and that wealth redistribution may be necessary, CMV
The definition of rape should include men "made to penetrate." CMV.
I believe Facebook is a medium for sharing information/media and that 'friend-ing' someone gives implicit consent for them to view all your content throughout history. ∴ I believe 'Facebook stalking' is completely acceptable, CMV.
I think our society should stop shielding parents from the financial consequences of having children. It encourages overpopulation and punishes other valid lifestyle choices by making others bear their financial burden. CMV.
I believe high-frequency trading (HFT) is beneficial to market quality and should be encouraged. CMV
Paying someone a wage isn't inherently exploitative. CMV
I don't believe anyone who refuses to believe in Christianity should celebrate (or benefit from) from Christmas. CMV, please!
I don't think it's unethical for customers to return products to a store/company. CMV.
I think we should get rid of social security asap and use the money that we save from it to help with the current lack of well paying jobs. CMV.
Health insurance for the old, the poor, and the sick isn't profitable, hence it can't be done by the market. CMV.
I believe that if Washington can have the Redskins, I can have a team called the Black People. CMV
I believe it's immoral to bear children if you're not already economically prepared to properly care for them, and that parents "struggling to make ends meet" are dealing with a problem they created entirely for themselves. CMV.
Vaccinations should be compulsory for all persons living in my society (USA, but applicable to all western countries). religious reasons should not be acceptable reasons to get out of it. CMV
I believe, Politicians in general should have to attend a psych test (and Pass) in order to join a political party CMV.
Parks and Recreational Services shouldn't become privatized - CMV
No religion can be scrutinised for not following their sacred text (Bible, Qur'an, Torah, etc) because they are not obligated to do so , CMV
CMV. I believe “fat pride” is absolutely disgusting, offensive to everyone at a healthy weight, and deserves to be shamed at will.
I believe the American Democratic polity and its insertion into foreign countries to be dangerous and careless. CMV.
I didn't vote due to the system of the electoral college. CMV
I think eating meat may possibly be an immoral act. Please CMV.
I Don't Believe Cutting is Bad. Can Someone CMV?
I believe the damage done by climate change is irreparable, will ultimately destroy the planet and will only get worse, CMV
I believe that it's stupid for people to judge gay characters on "how gay" they act. CMV.
I believe that universities should not hire many foreign professors. Please CMV
I believe curving the grade up in classes is wrong, CMV
I think that Homeopathy is just water and doesn't work beyond what can be explained by the placebo effect. CMV
I believe people take unnecessary risks and then prefer to be unaccountable for it. CMV
Businesses that reduce working hours to avoid paying insurance coverage for employees and their spouses under ACA deserve to be vilified in the press and in public opinion CMV
I believe forcing high schoolers to read the "great works" of literature is a waste (and only turns them off from reading in general) because they lack the life experience to appreciate them. CMV.
I believe all politicians should be paid a small salary. CMV
I believe we should go back to the gold standard, CMV.
I do not want to work more than 40 hours a week. CMV
I have no sympathy towards people who die of overdose... CMV
Using "number of previous sexual partners" as a dating barometer is no worse than using height/weight/etc. CMV.
I believe reddit is not a good place to discuss politics CMV
I think all forms of infrastructure are wrong (mainly medicine, agriculture, altering the environment, and every form of government). CMV
I don't vote because I feel the American political system is corrupt and a single vote has no power. CMV please.
TCMV Tuesday - 09/24/13
I believe that love is unconditional, lifelong, and not a conscious decision in any way. CMV
I think the term “Western World” is mostly meaningless. CMV.
Democrats should allow government shutdown over Obamacare. CMV
I believe there are subtle biological differences between humans of different regions, and people are too afraid of being "racist" to see it. CMV
I do not want to be buried when I die, and find burial to be a senseless practice. CMV
I don't think Drake is a great rapper. CMV
I don't respect women or the feminist movement. CMV
Pirating may or may not be theft, but you're deluding yourself if you feel it's not in some way immoral. CMV
I believe dictators like Kim Jong-Un should be put to death. CMV
I know that this isn't a serious topic, but I think that Destiny is the most exciting and the most revolutionary game for next-gen consoles, at least among those coming out between 2013 and 2014. CMV
I think smartphones are evil. CMV
I believe liberals should voluntarily pay more in taxes out of pocket. CMV.
As a lower-income citizen, I don't think it's my job to worry about world issues - like hunger, poverty, things like that - and I don't think I should have to care or donate money to these causes because I have a negligible impact on anything outside of my local area of influence. CMV.
I believe I should be able to own a firearm and use it on my property whenever I want. CMV.
I believe Fat Shaming is terrible thing to do, and it doesnt help the person being shamed lose weight. CMV
I think the TSA's main 'crime' is its inefficiency, ineffectiveness, and general inconvenience - NOT its violation of freedoms.
I don't feel the need to seek out my biological mother - CMV?
Segregating Economics Policy into either "capitalist/socialist/communist" Is ruining our ability to fix our problems. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with payday lending companies. CMV
I like the Xbox One and don't see why I should not. CMV
I think the original trilogy of Star Wars is overrated, and the prequel trilogy was perfectly acceptable, CMV.
I believe Islam is evil; far worse than Christianity. CMV
I believe that the most skilled MMA fighters are ALL in the lower weight classes. CMV
Louis CK has never made me laugh WITH HIS STANDUP. CMV.
I don't like the feeling of being high. Please CMV.
I believe that George Lucas was just screwing with us, making episodes 1-3 so bad, and adding horribly pointless content to 4-6. CMV?
I think that giving the wealthy special benefits to improve the economy only causes more socioeconomic disparity. CMV
I believe we live in a predetermined universe, therefore we don't have free will. CMV.
Having-to-work to live is worse than being wealthy. CMV.
I don't see Firefox or Google Chrome to be a better web browser than Internet Explorer. CMV
I believe that sociology should be studied dispassionately and not to reform society. Please CMV!
I think that people who undergo cosmetic surgery for aesthetic reasons are shallow and egotistical. CMV.
I believe a State is necessary, and that Anarcho-Capitalism relies on magical thinking. CMV
I don't believe lapband surgery is worth the risks. CMV
Treating depression is noble (I guess) but it's only treating a symptom, you're not treating the society in which most form, cmv?
a well-implemented fingerprint scanner on a smartphone does more good than harm.
I think that "tone arguments" are perfectly valid for informal debate. CMV.
I believe it is immoral for police officers to kidnap people for possessing marijuana. CMV.
Vegas or vegetarians who believe meat eaters needless kill animals while the vegan/vegetarian community do not are wrong. CMV
Religion is not inherently more oppressive than atheism CMV.
I believe animals should have the right to live free from human exploitation. [CMV]
Some traditionally "unattractive" people choose to be homosexual: CMV.
I don't think breakfast is all that important, or necessary. CMV
No one is absolutely 100% certain of anything. And that includes you. CMV
I believe that if I am going the maximum speed limit in the fast lane (USA), that I should not yield to drivers going over the speed limit so they can pass me. CMV
I believe in-state and out-of-state tuition should cost the same. CMV
I believe that feminism will have detrimental effects for boys who grow up over the next twenty-five years. CMV.
I feel that living fast and dying young is a much better way of dying than growing old. [CMV]
I believe that sex is something that is earned and not something that occurs organically. CMV
College football is an inherently inferior product compared with the NFL. CMV
I think getting married and having kids is a waste of time. CMV
The employer mandate should be dropped from Obamacare.CMV
I believe society spends far too much money on accessibility. CMV
I think most people join social fraternities and sororities nowadays just to boost their egos and gain approval from others. CMV
Virginia governor's campaign: I think Sarvis is a better candidate than Cuccinelli or McAuliffe. CMV
I believe that non-proliferation movements are nothing but a way for nuclear weapon states to subjugate non-nuclear weapon states. CMV
I believe it's selfish and irresponsible to have a home birth - CMV
LSD and other psychedelic drugs should be widely used again in psychotherapy and medicine. Please CMV.
I believe more people need to stop and think before they have children. CMV.
I believe that there is no such thing as straight or gay, just varying degrees of bisexuality. CMV
I don't believe there is any real reason other than fear to believe in any form of an afterlife. CMV
I believe meditation is the answer to all of mankinds problems CMV
I believe in 100% moral absolutism. CMV.
I believe Iran is attempting to achieve nuclear weapons capability - CMV
I believe that the existence of more than one religion means that all religions cannot be real. CMV
I believe people with Alzheimer's Disease should be euthanized. CMV
I believe that being well educated on political events is a waste of my time because I have minimal influence on these events. CMV
There should be no punishment for illegal hits in the NFL. CMV!
I think all but the more extreme cases of Autism are not in fact an actual disorder: CMV.
I think that the "wage-gap" between men and women, is a result of men working more hours and being willing to do more labor intensive jobs. CMV
My view on abortion, different than others. Not pro-life or pro-choice. CMV
I think organ harvasting from death human bodies should not be optional, but mandatory, so CMV
I believe that self-defense is immoral. CMV
I believe current road law should not apply to cyclists. CMV
I believe that a two party system is a particularly good form of the democratic process, CMV
I believe that increasing gun control laws in the US would be an ineffective way to curb mass shootings, because there are already so many guns distributed amongst the population. CMV
Situations where fathers or older brothers act overly protectively of their daughters or younger sisters against potential male partners of that female are being sexist against females. CMV
I believe that sports are the best argument against allowing people to identify as a new gender prior to adulthood without having to start hormone therapy. CMV
I have come to the conclusion that socialism is the best viable form for an economy to take. Does anyone care to CMV?
I believe that men who have had sex with other men should be able to donate blood if they are HIV negative. CMV
I don't think it should be legal to smoke in public. CMV
I think alcohol should be illegal. CMV
I think it's stupid to treat religion as a race or ethnicity. CMV
I believe that the only solution to the centered power of the two party system in the U.S. is through the creation of a stronger and more logically sound third party. CMV
The rules of Basketball are flawed. The format of the game has too much dependency on the clock, and the team that wins the game isn't always the team that deserves to win. CMV
I believe the state is inherently good and needed - CMV
I believe that eating other intelligent fantasy creatures is not cannibalism. CMV
I believe that one can experience an intense enough level of emotional pain, for an extended period of time, that would justify suicide. CMV
Republicans are crossing a line to get what they want - CMV
I'm not really all that sympathetic when college athletes complain about not getting paid, and think a free ride through college is more than adequate enough, CMV
I don't believe in gay marriage or straight marriage. I do not believe it is any of the governments business, marriage is about love and that's not something the government should be involved in.CMV
A 757 airliner did not impact the Pentagon on 9/11. CMV.
I believe that the majority of "sponsored activities" are excuses for people to do things. CMV
I don't see what is so special about David Bowie's music.
I believe my interests, beliefs, personality, and looks are better than nearly everyone. CMV.
I do not trust veterinarians due to my perceived lack of regulation and the lack of communication possible from pets making it hard to do anything evidence-based. CMV
I'm a young adult living in Japan and I'm very optimistic about my future here. CMV?
I believe that Democracies/Republics and Federations are terrible forms of Government.
I believe there are no stupid people. CMV
I believe any sort of non prescribed mind altering drug is harmful towards a productive society and ones mental well being. CMV
I believe that coffee and products that have a high amount of caffeine should be avoided for its harmful side effects both physically and mentally. CMV.
I believe that 10,000 people making $10,000 a year are far more important to the economy and society than one person with $10,000,000. CMV.
I don't think religious views/practices deserve any greater legal deference or protection than secular views/practices. CMV.
I think moderated, safe, self-harm is a healthy alternative to suicide. CMV
I don't think citizenship at birth CMV
People who won't admit to their racism are the worst kind of racists. CMV
I believe that anyone that does "pirate speak" is retarded - CMV
I believe that Michigan has the most dysfunctional, underhanded state government. CMV
I believe mandatory attendance policies in college are stupid and unnecessary, CMV
The ultra-rich are a cancer on society. CMV.
I don't think it's necessary to tip I'd the service didn't exceed the job description.. CMV.
I believe the label Assexual is BS, that most people who describe themselves as such are most probably closeted gay or have some deeper issue, and that by identifying themselves as 'assexuals' they aren't helping themselves or others. CMV.
I do not believe gay or straight marriage is a fundamental right but rather a series of (arbitrary) benefits offered by the state and should be regarded as such, CMV
I believe the government should use financial incentive and/or pressure to encourage low income people and drug users to be sterilized. CMV
I believe that meritocracy is a better system of government and solution production than democracy. CMV
I believe that zoos are immoral CMV.
I stand against the notion of bullying bullies back, and think that it's wrong to hurt others regardless of their actions. CMV
There should be some mechanism in place to keep health and fitness fads away from the masses CMV
I believe that because there are millions of sociopaths, government is fundamentally untenable. CMV
I think beauty is in the DNA of the beholder. CMV
I believe that Hizbollah was reponsible for the August 21 chemical weapons attacks. CMV.
I am against the new charter of values being proposed in Quebec. CMV
I Believe The Definition of Intelligence Is Wrong/Can Be Improved CMV
I think baseball is the most painfully boring sport ever CMV
[Mod Post] DeltaBot programmers needed! (Link to the code inside)
I think killing all criminals would be effective. CMV
I believe that viewing porn does not represent infidelity, and that having personal conversations with relative strangers of the opposite sex is not inappropriate. CMV
I believe that in order to vote, one should have to pass a basic test on the US government, its history and possibly the candidates. CMV
I don't think the arts should be made into a competition or have any sort of hierarchy and any sort of artistic competition (dance competitions, new Yorks nyssma, the school of rocks all star program reality shows etc.) should be viewed not as prestigious but as harmful to artistic development. CMV
I believe that all people who cheat on their significant others are worthless scumbags. CMV
I do not believe that body wash is much different than shampoo. CMV
I don't believe religious beliefs should be specifically protected by anti-discrimination laws or the Constitution - CMV
I think there is nothing ethically wrong with beastiality, provided it does not injure the animal(both physically and mentally). Because of this, I don't think it should be illegal. CMV
I believe secession from the US Government should be allowed. CMV.
I think the television show "Dexter" is best appreciated if you stop watching after the end of season 4. CMV
I think that discrimination against fat/overly obese people should be considered as normal. CMV
I think almost all spanking is a form of revenge for parents having been spanked themselves as children. - CMV
[Trigger warning]I don't believe the feminist narrative about rape. CMV.
I think that being gay is a mental sickness that can be cured with the help of a psychologist. CMV
If every man in America did not show up for work one day, it would catastrophically affect the country, but if it were women who did not show up for work, nothing significant would be affected. CMV.
Special privileges and laws for American Indians are wrong. CMV.
I want to like Apple, but the users are kind of putting me off CMV
I do not think that body image should be seen as a singularly female problem. CMV.
I believe that all non-labor unions (SPECIFICALLY TEACHERS UNIONS) are a joke and perpetuate a weak education system. CMV
I believe that the current education system we have today is incredibly inefficient. CMV.
I beleive anyone who passes a psychological evaluation has the right to suicide C.M.V
I believe that tenure for K-12 or non-college level teachers is unnecessary and often detrimental to the school and students. CMV
I believe that it's a waste of time and resources to save non-endangered, non-pet animals. CMV.
Other than not being transparent, I don't think the NSA is half as bad as everyone claims it to be. CMV
I believe that General Education requirements at universities are unnecessary. CMV
I believe that the burden of disclosure when dating trans people does not fall on the trans person. CMV
I believe that Miss USA and beauty pageants in general are a joke and basically the human being equivalent of showing your prized chicken at the county fair. CMV
I believe that the "Pre-order" system of gaming sales is a farse.... CMV
On average, women far more disadvantages than men in contemporary American society. CMV.
I don't see gluten, when eaten in a balanced diet, as being harmful. I believe that the recently popular "gluten-free" trend is harmful. CMV
I believe that Affirmative Action is government-mandated racism. CMV
I believe having a national Bill of Rights does more harm than good. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 09/17/13
I see belief in God as a major intellectual weakness. CMV
The ad hominem fallacy is overquoted. Sometimes it's ok to reject an argument based on its source. CMV
The character of Phoebe adds nothing to the Friends dynamic, and is just unpleasant and rude. CMV.
I believe that suicide is an option all people should have and not be punished for attempting. CMV.
I support Universal Basic Income. CMV.
I don't think the German school system is that bad and it should even be more specialized and not more generalized. CMV.
I think Iron Man 2 was the objectively superior movie of the trilogy. CMV
I believe that skillful cooking of good food will become a lost art, and we will all be better off, CMV.
I believe that "serious" science fiction writers should never prequel an existing series. - CMV
I believe that Premarital Sex almost always ruins relationships, and i don't see reasons to engage before marriage. CMV
I don't think smoking tobacco is THAT bad, CMV
Red light/speeding cameras are a scam
I believe that suicide is an appropriate option for terminal elderly who wish to avoid future pain for themselves and loved ones. CMV.
I have a problem accepting responsibilities of life and no self drive. CMV
I believe that some of the "black" stereotypes are warranted. CMV
I think if you are offended or upset by what you see online log off, block it, or shut it down. No one's free speech or information in general shouldn't be curbed just because it hurt your feelings, CMV.
I believe it should be illegal for parents to smoke inside the house if their children live with them. CMV
I believe that women, on average, are deluded about how desirable they are; and that these delusions are the cause of a lot of unhappiness and anger. CMV, please.
I believe that Neo-classical economics is a fraud, it's not a science, but an ideology &amp; belief system. CMV
I believe that almost every part of the U.S. government has failed us and the only good solution would be to scrap everything and start over. Change my view
I think the government shouldn't pay for post-secondary education. CMV.
I think the United States should discontinue the sharing of domestic communications intelligence with Israel CMV
I left islam a couple of years ago, and don't currently affiliate with any religion. I think the religion is a load of bull. CMV.
If you go to the doctor, then you are not a true Christian. CMV
I believe that the Halo series is dead. CMV.
People should not have to follow laws they do not agree with. A system could be designed to make that work. CMV
I believe that the idea that words - rather than meanings - can be offensive is ridiculous, and they should not be censored in the media. CMV
I believe religion, on a global scale, is unnecessary in modern times and was really only ever good for filling in the current holes that science could not explain at the time. CMV
I think that the Westboro Baptist Church is more intellectually honest than most modern, tolerant Christians. CMV.
Instead of saying "Cite your source" you should Google it yourself and reply with a source that disagrees with their point. CMV
I think all non-specialized academic tests should be "open book", CMV.
Lou Holtz of ESPN needs to retire or be asked to resign CMV
I believe that voting for third party candidates does more harm than good. CMV
I think governments should largely subsidize contraception for increases in standard of living. CMV.
I believe that if Obama makes a speech on the American economy without mentioning underemployment and the lowest worker participation rate in 35 years, then he is being purposely disingenuous when talking about our economic success. CMV
I believe that buying books isn't worth it, and piracy is how I read the vast majority of novels CMV
Any place that doesn't allow guns (gun free zones) makes for perfect places for people to go on shooting sprees. CMV
I believe that European countries have nothing to earn on using Daylight saving time CMV
I like the "fat acceptance" movement for the most part. Please CMV.
It is immoral to ban the Muslim face covering in Western Society - CMV
I think that in the long term, the trend towards part time employment is a good thing, even it its causing some bumps right now. CMV.
I do not believe that 3D printing will have a profound effect on global industry with in the foreseeable future CMV
I believe artistic talent must be born with, and those who are not with said talent can not become good artists. CMV
I believe the Daily Show has become nothing but an opinion column and Jon Stewart is a hypocrite for criticizing the news. CMV
I don't believe there is an overarching meaning to life. CMV
I don't think that insects deserve the same treatment as larger animals (primarily mammals). CMV
I think David Foster Wallace was a bad writer. CMV.
I think Pot and Weed are better than Alchohol.CMV.
I believe that there will be something similar to the great depression within the next 50 years CMV
I don't find black people attractive. I believe that I am not racist. CMV
I believe that if you are in the military, you shouldn't be allowed to smoke or drink. CMV
CMV - I believe quantitative easing is more negative then positive
I believe that if gay marriage should be legalized, so too should polygamy. CMV
I think people who buy organic foods and produce for health reasons are delusional. CMV
I believe that it is morally acceptable to have sex with someone while they are in a relationship with someone else. CMV
I believe the Westboro Baptist Church should be stripped of it's 501(c)(3) status. CMV.
I believe Demarchy/Sortition should replace modern democracy CMV
I think redditors love revenge, whatever the crime is, an eye for an eye and the world goes blind, and reddit is happy. I believe in rehab and change, not death penalty and life in prison. CMV
I think there is no such thing as free will, CMV.
I believe the "we are all equal" rhetoric for equal rights for races/sexes is damaging to the movement because it falls apart when we aren't. CMV.
I don't believe Arabs can handle Democracy. CMV
I believe internet piracy is just people trying to get stuff without paying CMV
The discrimination against mutants in the Marvel universe makes no sense. CMV.
I think that gambling isn't wrong at all. CMV.
I believe that some feminists' focus on arguably trivial matters hurts their cause more than it helps it. CMV.
I believe that wealth redistribution via "estates taxes" AKA "death taxes" is not only moral, but necessary for the good of society. CMV.
I think that disabled children, physic and mental, shouldn't be kept alive after birth. CMV
I think that Creationism and "teaching the controversy" should have no place in public schools, CMV.
I believe when the accused is found not guilty in a "my word versus yours" case, the accuser should be made to stand trial for lying. CMV
I believe that, were it to be scientifically possible, everyone should be steralized at birth, and you would have to pass a maturity test to be allowed to be "unsteralized". -CMV
I believe that that human race would be much better off without countries CMV
I believe Putin was right, it is dangerous to encourage a people to think of themselves as exceptional. CMV
I don't believe that sexism is the cause of sex discrepancies in the workplace - CMV
I am paranoid of prion related diseases. CMV
Health Insurance Companies should not be able to request information from Genetic Testing or Genetic Screening, nor should they use that info in their pricing models. CMV.
I believe that standardized grades are the biggest problem with our education system, CMV.
I think that not all cultures are equal. Some are definitely superior to others. CMV.
I don't believe a universal basic income could work. Please CMV.
I think Notorious B.I.G. was just light years better than 2pac. CMV.
Without agreeing with or supporting the culture that creates this double standard as right, I think that slut-shaming makes logical sense. CMV
Atheism is boring. CMV
I don't think talking on the phone in the car is any more dangerous than driving with passengers. CMV
I believe 90% of obese people are so by choice and that obesity shouldn't be classified as a disease by the AMA. CMV
I think that people who complain about "elitism" in discussions of musical taste just don't care about music. CMV
I think that all prices displayed (e.g. on the shelf at the store, menus, etc.) should display the real, final price. CMV
I don't like living in America, and I want to leave. Please CMV.
I believe that the media shield law is damaging to journalism in a healthy democracy, regardless of its intentions. CMV
I think it does not matter if I vote in an election or not. CMV
CMV- I think that sports are an excessive unnecessary use of funds.
I do not believe that Psychology is a valid science. CMV
I think Communism is superior to Capitalism - CMV
PLUTO IS A PLANET! CMV
Drunk driving laws are going too far. CMV.
I think patriotism is one of the most stupid human characteristics. CMV
I believe there is nothing wrong with CP and that it should be made legal as long as both parties and parents/guardians consent.
The Koch Brothers seem like decent guys who want to make the world a better place. CMV.
I think the USA is the greatest country in the world. CMV
CMV. Polyamory seems like it is for the covetous and selfish. Moreover, it is impossible to balance into a healthy series of relationships.
I believe it's more wrong for an adult male to have sex with a underage teen girl than a adult female to have sex with an underage teen boy. CMV
Earth is a prison/rehabilitation center for our “souls“not a place where we come to chill and learn. CMV.
I believe the tipping culture in the United States is superior to non-tipping cultures. CMV.
I think love for domesticated animals is nothing more than anthropomorphism, and that animals only care about humans because of selective breeding. CMV.
I believe the world operates in the same fashion today as it has for the last 10,000+ years , just under the modern paradigm of Internet, false media and under the table economic warfare, etc. Governments are just questionably elected Empire rulers, trying to further and or retain power. CMV
I believe that Transsexuals cannot be truly considered as their preferred gender. CMV
No amount of money would be enough to get me to work in the new World Trade Center, NYC. CMV
I think it's okay if people fetishize me (as a minority) so long as I can score some dates. CMV.
I believe victim's consent should be a valid defense to any crime with a victim, even murder. CMV
I believe Reddit should require a reply with both upvotes and downvotes. CMV.
I'm a straight male, and I find women as a whole to be contemptible. CMV.
I believe American Exceptionalism still exists. CMV
I think Mozart is overrated. CMV.
I don't think the NFL should levy fines arbitrarily against players for hits [CMV]
I don't think circumcised penises are that big of a deal. CMV.
I Don't Know How To Drive, and I Don't See A Point In Learning. CMV
I Believe the Grading System we use in schools today (A, B, C, D, and Fail) is complacent on behalf of the teaching community. Allowing a student to proceed to higher material without having earned an “A” is counterproductive to the mission of education. CMV
I do not think it is ever appropriate to complain about something that makes you happy. Please try to CMV.
Kindness is overrated.
I believe that corporate lobbying has no benefits to the average person, and that it should be made illegal. CMV
[CMV] I believe medicine is ruining humanity
People are making excuses or think they are too good for minimum wage jobs when they say they can't find a job CMV.
I don't believe in raising minimum wage. CMV
I think the concern about obesity is mostly a moral panic. CMV.
I have lost all faith in the US political system. CMV.
I think Tyler Perry is an embarrasment and totally exploits black stereotypes. CMV
I think people that complain about the CEO wage gap or rich people in general are hypocrites. CMV
This year is the first in which I'm being asked to fill out a "Roommate Agreement Contract" at my college. I strongly feel I should not have to do so. CMV.
I do not believe trigger warnings are necessary or obligatory.
I believe that police chases are reckless endeavors that create more dangerous situations and cost more money than the crimes they are trying to prevent CMV
I believe that Marshall Vian Summers is God's new Messenger for Humanity CMV
I think toilet seat covers are pointless. CMV
I believe that the majority of fat people on electric scooters have chosen food (at the detriment of their health) over walking. CMV
Culture in America is Mono-Racialised. CMV
I think that feminism currently uses hate speech as a way to advance its goals. In fact, this attitude hurts the advancement of women. CMV
I don't think starvation as weight loss is going to be useless because "you'll just gain it back later". CMV
I believe that other genre's are inferior to Rap/Hip-Hop. CMV
I think if more people had a "no-bullshit" type of attitude then the world would be a whole lot better. CMV.
I believe that the key to being stress free is simply learning to not take one's self too seriously - CMV?
I believe anyone who is offended by something is the one with the problem, not the offender. CMV
I believe that saying "no offense" before or after what your going to say should negate much of the offense. Please CMV.
Feminism and Mens Rights Activist are equally discriminatory and should be grouped as "Human Rights Activists" CMV
I plan on buying an iPhone 5s. CMV.
I dislike tipping pizza delivery people. CMV.
(Spoilers) I think 'rooting' for Walter White is completely ill-conceived, maybe a little psychotic, and that he is clearly the villain of the series. CMV
Reading fiction is a waste of time CMV
I think its about time America got over 9/11. CMV
I don't think there was any reasonably logic behind the US invading Iraq. CMV
I think that it is unethical to have sex with someone without telling them that you are a transsexual. (post-op) CMV
I can't stand Tom Goes to Mayor, and to a lesser extent much of Bob Odenkirk's writing. Please CMV
I believe that pure capitalism, though not perfect, is the best economic system for a nation. CMV
Social Elitism Exists in Competitive Video Games. CMV
I believe that any meaning an atheist finds in life is merely illusory. CMV.
I hate my can opener. CMV.
I am a 21 year-old who is rapidly becoming a hermit/recluse. I don't necessarily see anything "wrong" with it.
I believe that Eminem is a better rapper than Lil' Wayne CMV
I believe the internet is decreasing face to face contact and that is not a bad thing- CMV
I Personally think Andrew Carnegie wasn't a thoroughly great guy. CMV
I believe that because the term "Redskin" is not an historically racist, bigoted or derogatory term, the Washington Redskins are completely fine to continue to maintain their name and mascot. CMV.
I disagree with the idea that people can simply self-identify as being another gender and be considered such without getting sexual reassignment surgery. CMV?
I think that unilateral military force by the United states to prevent nuclear proliferation is justified. CMV
I don't think false rape accusations are punished nearly enough, and people who commit this act deserve much harsher reactions than they currently are. CMV
I believe that muslim immigration is causing my country's culture to decay. CMV
I hate overseas charity. CMV
I am scared of dying. CMV
I believe that although the current USA surveillance scandal should be enough to cause open rebellion, the American people are to brainwashed to act. CMV.
I think most car alarms should be banned. CMV
I think economic mobility is more important than wealth distribution. CMV
I believe that we are witnessing the slow death of Apple as we have come to know it, and that the pace of decline is about to increase rapidly CMV
Fox News is one of the political *Left's* greatest assets. CMV.
I think the satisfaction of students with their department/university shouldn't be a metric upon which institutions are ranked. CMV
Staying together as an unmarried couple is a more romantic and meaningful thing than being married. CMV
I believe that every decision or action a human being can make, no mater how altruistic or selfless it may be considered, always originates from selfishness. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 09/10/13
I believe men shouldn't cry. CMV
I believe that America should be a direct democracy CMV
I don't think bodily functions such as farting should be acceptable to do in front of your SO, CMV
I think that copyrights should expire when the creator of an original work is dead. CMV
I believe that moral choice is a product of abnormal opportunities - CMV
After the Presidents speech last night, I believe the US should not intervene with the conflict in Syria. CMV
I believe that the feminism movement has caused a crash in the U.S. education system, and it's a crash that we likely will never recover from. CMV.
When having a bowl of cereal, milk goes in first. Please CMV.
I don't believe private companies can provide a better service to a population than a public company, in the big picture. CMV
I believe that many people have a 6th sense. CMV!
All deontological systems have equal merit CMV
I believe that the common mantra 'mo money, mo problems' and it's many derivatives is a falsehood, and that money greatly enhances one's life and any problems that present themselves are problems of the individual, not some inherent side effect of having money. CMV
CMV - I want someone to give me a legitimate reason going to war in against Assad in Syria is good for the USA and good for the world.
I believe that there should be less or none state censorship of media, and that too much political correctness is bad CMV
I don't believe that the vast majority of people who talk about climate change actually believe it. CMV
While I disagree with Obama's position, I believe he's handling the Syria situation responsibly. CMV
I believe that morality is subjective, and that right and wrong is simply up to the opinion of the majority - CMV.
I believe that no one is completely accountable for their own actions. CMV
I am an atheist who believes that people who are religious breed more hate and violence than their non-religious counterparts. CMV.
The US slave trade was the best thing that could've happened to African slaves and their descendents. CMV.
I do not think Columbus Day should be a National Holiday. CMV
If teleportation is ever invented, I wouldn't use it. But I would really want to so CMV.
I don't think having a "white club" at a school/college is racist or wrong in any way. CMV
I support legalizing weed, but I can't stand stoners. I think their annoying people. CMV please?
I Firmly believe the United States SHOULD intervene in Syria. CMV.
I don't think blind people should legally be able to own guns CMV
I think literary analysis is an unnecessary skill for those who are not going into fields which require it specifically, and should not be taught until college. CMV.
I think the public education system in the United States is weighted towards girls CMV
I believe that if you are transphobic if you are no longer attracted to a potential love interest after finding out that they are transgender... CMV
I think we should drastically cut welfare in the US. CMV.
I Believe that Polygamy and Incest should be Legalized. CMV
I believe that banal greed and ignorant selfishness are the root of society's ills such as poverty and wealth inequality. CMV
I think in the long run, the world will be ruled by kind of an "internet government". CMV
I believe stereotypes are a good way to construct a personality, CMV.
I think stuying abroad is too expensive and therefore I might not follow my dream CMV
I do not believe in prolonged life support for people who are in vegetative states. I believe it's inhumane &amp; based on a narrow definition of what it means to be alive. CMV.
I think words like Faggot, Fucker, Bitch, Whore, Dick, Bastard are all swear words and should be treated equally. I do not believe faggot is a derogatory word, instead a word used to cluster multiple swears (fucker, Fuckshit, Dickface, cunt, bitch) into one giant word. CMV
I don't really think that it's always a bad thing, that the industry knows a lot about us. CMV.
I believe Spider Man 3 was the best Spider Man movie. CMV
I believe physical pain should be avoided when possible. CMV
I believe that the barefoot or minimalist running fad was fabricated purely for the sake of making money. CMV.
I think religious schools should be banned. CMV.
I believe that when it comes to topics like rape, suicide, etc. people need to learn to take a joke. CMV
I think that we place too much value on the idea of 'science' nowadays. CMV.
I believe that men and women have significantly different behavioral tendencies due mostly to biology CMV
The current state of compulsory schooling has absolutely ruined our youth and it needs to be replaced. CMV.
I believe that a benevolent dictator if the only effective form of government CMV
I don't think all industries can be based on a capitalist structure. Some industries must necessarily be run using a non capitalist structure. CMV.
I believe jury duty should be optional CMV
I think most of you reading this are going to die from cell phone induced cancer. CMV.
I don't think taxpayer money should be used at all in the prison system CMV
I don't see why dealing with Assad should be controversial. He is a monster who must be stopped, and America is the only relatively moral country who CAN do it, therefore they SHOULD. CMV
I believe that the ONLY legitimate purpose of government is to protect the rights of it's citizens. CMV
I believe that the US is right about invading Syria. CMV
Outside of your own property or designated areas, you do not have a right to smoke. CMV
*Please read description*. The "woman" designator of a person (for me) is pertinent only for purposes of sex (and romance, intimacy). I don't see a problem with this. CMV.
Living in Australia, with government-assisted tertiary education, I believe that government funding for Uni courses should be "means-tested" against the job prospects and productivity of the job field. CMV.
I think the term "Western philosophy" is a misnomer since logic works same everywhere. CMV.
I believe that Ron Paul is misleading his supporters by telling them that the Fed destroyed 98% of the purchasing power of the dollar since 1913. CMV
I think that becoming upset and using social leverage to pressure you over non-harmful behaviours such as swearing is a form of bullying into compliance, CMV.
I think that the current trend of "All-natural", "Gluten-free", organic, and the like being mainstream reasons to choose one product over another is bad, CMV.
I think our current statutory rape laws are a joke. CMV
I believe that the American University System is degrading, CMV.
I don't think any country today is overpopulated. CMV
Occupy Movement started with a great idea, but fizzled out and ended up not achieving anything.CMV
I believe that everyone should be able to respect everyone else's religious beliefs. CMV.
I don't understand the common idea that woman are really hard to understand. CMV.
I believe that Communism is a valid political system that has merely been poorly interpreted and implemented, CMV please.
[CMV] I believe the Wilhelm Scream is completely overused, and when it's included, can instantly ruin immersion of some audiences
I believe that extreme sex acts that appear abusive, humiliating, or degrading such as throatf*cking, are an indication of deeper emotional problems. CMV
I believe that in general, it's wrong to use adblockers on the Internet. CMV.
I've never understood why 'The Great Gatsby' is so highly regarded as The Great American Novel. CMV
I think reddit users who habitually delete their posts are significantly worsening the site for everyone else and should be banned. CMV.
The US's military hegemony mandates that they should enter the Syrian conflict IF it is found that chemical weapons were used. CMV
I disagree with compulsory voting and believe that to have your vote counted you should need to prove you have a reasonable knowledge of each party's policies and ideals. CMV.
I believe any person should be able to travel/live anywhere on the earth, un-regulated. CMV
I think that while males still have male privilege, that they are considerably more bound by gender roles than women are in Western society. CMV.
I believe that being "born" gay is complete scientific bologna CMV
I have never seen the anime series Avatar: The Last Airbender, nor do I have any real interest in doing so.
I think high turnover is a major flaw that prevents reddit from being the best communication forum it can be. CMV.
[CMV] I think people anywhere with HIV or a really infectious virus should be isolated from society or public gatherings and should only live with other HIV or already infected people.
According to the CDC, men who have sex with men make up 2% of the U.S. population, yet they accounted for 63% of all new HIV infections in the country. I believe that the Red Cross is justified in prohibiting sexually active gay men from donating blood. CMV
I don't believe there is any reason for dating, or, by extension, marriage, outside of sex. CMV
Reddit needs to allow longer usernames or else soon the vast majority won't be even remotely amusing. CMV
I believe it makes no sense to personify a group of people. CMV.
I don't care about your feelings. CMV
I Believe the 9/11 attacks were completely Justified. CMV
I believe those still living do not matter after you have died
The Celebration Of Various Races Contributes To Racial/Nation Pride Which Strengthens The Core Of Racism. CMV.
I believe numerology, palmistry, and astrology (and occult/mystic "sciences") are totally bogus and work on generalities, statistics, and confirmation bias [CMV]
Soccer Rules should be changed so the clock would stop every time the game stops and the game should end on 90 min exactly. CMV
CMV - I don't think people should be able claim they want to be referred to as ze/hir or they/them.
I believe the religious "fundamentalist"/"non-fundamentalist" distinction and the baggage that goes with it has more to do with how accepting society is of certain behaviour and less to do with how well the people in question interpret text. CMV.
Pornography historically has been the driving force behind the innovation of visual technologies; from cave paintings to the internet. CMV
I don't believe that solar or wind energy will be viable in any form. CMV
I believe urinating in the shower is completely fine. CMV
I don't believe it is necessary to challenge an elderly person's racist or bigoted views. CMV
The best outcome, geopolitically, will be if the bill to authorize military intervention in Syria narrowly fails in US Congress. CMV
I believe video game streamers are abusing charities. CMV
I believe President George W. Bush was one of the most competent political leaders in American history. CMV.
I think we need to shrink the population of earth to 2 billion to save earth. CMV.
I believe that democracy in the way we know it inevitably leads to socialism, CMV.
Fundamentalist atheists are no better than fundamentalist Christians. CMV.
Whilst it is almost certain that CW have been used in Syria, there is insufficient evidence to pin any such use on the Assad regime and thus to justify any intervention. CMV.
Oil played huge role in the Iraq war[CMV]
I believe that soccer should not implement video replays. CMV
I don't see tomorrow as worth the efforts of today, cmv
The power of a religious sacred text is found in the reverence given to it by the religious communities because without reverence, the content has no significance or influence. CMV
I believe no large ideology has "right" beliefs and every attempt to characterize one is a fallacy CMV
I believe that female tourists visiting developing countries with a high incidence of rape and violence should be careful, and there is no harm in pointing this out; CMV.
I don't care. CMV
I don't care that my data is being mined left and right for marketing purposes. CMV
I think that American culture is absolutely and fundamentally devoid of any value, and represents the worst of any society that exists on this planet currently.
I think Robin Thicke's Blurred Lines is rape-y and sexist. CMV
I cant handle any job because I quickly focus on the negative aspects or feel as though im not being true to myself. CMV
The Beach Boys are musically on par with and deserve the same merit as The Beatles. CMV
I think that Cory Booker is your typical career politician and he exemplifies a lot of what is wrong with American politics. CMV
The rights listed in the First Amendment should be sacrosanct and universal to all citizens regardless of social position or circumstances, and protected at all cost. The Constitution must be modified to allow active protections of your rights to assemble, speak, worship, and spread information. CMV
I believe that accusations of the police being generally corrupt/untrustworthy are greatly exaggerated CMV.
I find the auteur theory (i.e. that the director is the artist behind the film) to be ludicrous. CMV
I believe the concept of chivalry, in all forms that exist today, should end. CMV.
CMV Pensions, esp. Public Pensions are Inferior to 401K/IRAs
I believe that art featuring religious iconography (especially Christian symbols) is overdone to the point that nothing original can be done and it's a boring waste of time. CMV
I think that ticket scalping should be made illegal. CMV
This video convinced me the rebels launched the last gas attacks. CMV
I do not believe that trans-women or trans-men are real women or real men. CMV
I think that the Oxford, or serial, comma should be mandatory. CMV
The NCAA is hypocritical CMV
I think upcoming war in Syria is about oil,money and gas pipeline from Qatar to Europe, and has nothing to do with chemical weapons or tyranny. CMV
There is nothing wrong with following speed limit laws regardless of the lane you are driving in, CMV
I believe that joining the US military is supporting the growth of the military industrial complex and American involvement in foreign wars. CMV
I have a feeling that our American intervention will be greater than just missile strikes (possibly boots on the ground) shortly after the strikes begin. CMV
I, as a US citizen, have no problem with government agencies reading my emails or texts, and generally don't care about what's going on with all of this big NSA controversy as long as my comfortable standard of living is not affected by it. CMV
I believe that the US school system should not have removed prayer/Christ from curriculum. CMV
Making an edit to your post or comment that says something along the lines of "Wow! Didn't expect to be front page!!" isn't polite, it just makes you look like an idiot. CMV
Disliking Skyler White (Breaking Bad) is not a feminist issue. CMV
I think that Yoko Ono is one of the most untalented, uninspired, uninspiring, overrated "artists" of our and any generation. CMV
I think that when drunk man and drunk woman have sex, the man shouldn't by default be considered a rapist. CMV
I think people who consider spaying/neutering their pets 'cruel' are wrong and ignorant. CMV.
I think that the attitude toward marijuana on Reddit is appalling and that people need to realize that ANY TIME YOU INHALE SMOKE, you are making a terrible health choice. CMV
I think that government employees should never have the right to strike, CMV
I think "Blurred Lines" is just a song about a boy flirting with a girl and holds no rape-y undertones. CMV
In regards to privacy it seems that the only reason a person might require it is insecurity of some sort. Could it not be argued that perhaps the idea of 'you have nothing to hide so don't be afraid' has some merit? [CMV]
I think Joy Division's album Unknown Pleasures is massively overrated. Musically it's very weak by any reasonable standard. CMV
We're living in a musical golden age. CMV
I don't really care how many children I have. CMV
I think polyamorists' rights and acceptance is the next civil rights crusade, and polyphobes don't have a leg to stand on. CMV
I believe that the 8/21 chemical attack near Damascus was likely a false-flag operation. CMV?
I believe behaviour comes from social conditionning and education alone. CMV
I believe I should have the right to NOT vote in my country's election, CMV.
I eat meat, change my view not to, CMV
I think it's healthy for employees to share their salaries with each other, and companies should encourage transparency in pay. CMV
I believe that the 'dickwolves' controversy is ludicrous and that the Penny Arcade writer and artist shouldn't have to apologize for anything. CMV
I think China's One Child policy is the most effective long-term policy to help the world's environment, and outweighs the harm China's rapid industrialisation has caused. CMV
"Undocumented immigrants" is a misleading euphemism and they should be called illegal immigrants. CMV.
I think objectification is an integral part of how we interpret visual information, thus there's no inherent harm in objectifying people. CMV
President Bush acted more responsibly in Iraq and Afghanistan than President Obama acted in Libya or proposes to act in Syria. CMV
Obama is the best we could do 2008-2013 and complaining about his presidency is pointless, CMV.
I think the idea of: "males with long hair appear unprofessional or 'dirty'" is outdated and holds prejudice. CMV
I don't think single issue voting is a bad policy. CMV.
I think that India has an appalling culture, and a corrupt government that refuses to address pressing issues out of a sense of "tradition." CMV
I believe the american people should let the 'evil' party win the next election. CMV.
I believe that use of the word "patriarchy" damages equality by reinforcing gender stereotypes. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with sexual contraception. CMV.
CMV US should implement population planning similar to China
I think that citizens of the District of Columbia should engage in massive resistance until they get full autonomy and Congressional representation. CMV.
I think anime and manga are less visually diverse than western comics, CMV
I think identification tattoos would be a substantial improvement on existing government issued ID CMV
I think classes for "gifted" kids (like GATE) meant to provide extra enrichment should instead be offered to struggling students who would benefit more from them. CMV
Prisons don't work - CMV
I think naked protesters only hurt their causes. CMV
True Travel has been bastardized by Modern Americans. CMV.
In loco parentis is bullshit. CMV.
I believe the Lord of the Rings movie series intentionally left out Black people. CMV
I believe the merits to a Ivy-League education are negated by the hyper-competitive and pressure-filled admissions process. CMV
The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race. CMV.
The UK (specifically) should not intervene in Syria. CMV
I think the NCAA is a scam that exists for profit at the expense of student-athletes. CMV.
Fashion is the blind meandering of a bandwagon driven by celebrities. CMV
Childless adults should not go to Disneyland and Disneyworld. These are for children and families, and adults have the entire world to experience. CMV.
I believe that convicts sentenced to life without parole should be allowed to and provided the means to commit suicide. CMV
I believe it is inherently hypocritical to support (mainstream) left-wing politics if you live in a wealthy Western society. CMV.
Intelligence &gt; Persistence/Diligence
I don't think those noises Yoko Ono makes with her mouth can be considered music. CMV
I don't believe organisms or species really exist and they are a false dichotomy. CMV
I believe that the modern-day large unions cause more problems than they solve. CMV
I don't think Incest is a big deal at all. CMV?
I don't think blackface is racist as long as it is not used as a tool to ridicule. CMV.
I believe life in prison should be done away with. CMV
I believe tipping at restaurants should not be as a % of the value of the food. CMV.
I Believe All Drugs Should Be Legalized. CMV if you please.
I believe that the Public Health Cigarette Smoking Act violates the first Amendment's freedom of the press clause. CMV
Celebrities who earn 200x more than the average person will not exist in 100 years. CMV.
I think people shouldn't frown upon swearing or cursing when its use is non-personal and non-discriminatory CMV.
I think businesses are stupid for charging minimums for credit cards. CMV.
I believe that nobody should be denied health insurance because they don't have enough money, and it should be provided solely by the government. CMV.
I don't think the Dunkin Donuts ad was racist, or even a proper form of blackface, CMV
I believe racism is a societal construct that does not truly exist in the way we traditionally believe. CMV
I don't see why the new game Destiny is supposed to be so good. CMV
I think a 3 dollar tip on a 40 dollar meal is reasonable. CMV
I was planning on trying to get a job at the NSA after college before the PRISM debacle, but now I'm reconsidering. I think it's immoral to work for the NSA. CMV
I Believe the Big Ten is the most overrated conference in College Football. CMV.
I believe Terrorists have a right to a fair trial CMV
I think identifying as an "Atheist" is slightly oxymoronic and identifying as "Nonreligious" is a better term. CMV
TCMV Tuesday - 09/03/13
I think that we should stop requiring prescriptions for most medications, contact lenses, eye glasses, etc. CMV.
I believe that dental and vision care should be covered by social healthcare in Canada. CMV.
Dignity is toxic. It stops adults playing like children, which is healthier than boring exercise machines. Dignity promotes conformity and is a tool of social stratification. CMV
I believe that we shouldn't make a decision on how 3D technology will shape the movie industry. CMV
I believe equal opportunities quotas in the workplace are intrinsically flawed, working to perpetuate rather than eradicate prejudice. CMV
Semantic drift has become a propaganda tool for social engineering shills with a regressive agenda CMV
Determinism requires faith. CMV.
I think world news are useless to me. CMV
I believe Psychology is typically based on over-simplification that hides fundamental properties that are the true source of issues; thereby making it a tool for plebs. CMV
I remain unconvinced that humans will ever "own the stars" and will find a way to destroy themselves before that. CMV
Acting is extremely easy. Please CMV!
I think that federal student loans should only be given to people going into STEM fields. CMV
I believe space is infinite and the contents of the universe are expanding within that infinite space. CMV
I think professional sports should allow use of steroids and PEDs. CMV
"Check Your Privilege" puts the focus on the wrong group. CMV.
I think we should go to war with Syria. CMV.
I believe that terminally ill lung cancer patients should be allowed (by society) to continue smoking if they want to CMV.
I think tax evasion is perfectly moral and acceptable. CMV
I think it's a good idea to perform objective experiments to measure the effectiveness of non-profit work, even for non-profits involved with humans. CMV.
Everyone, not just black people should be allowed to use the N-word. CMV
The Fifty Shades trilogy depicts a highly abusive relationship. CMV.
Trying to understand reality and things like the meaning of life is completely futile CMV
I believe what most people see as racism is really just "culturalism". CMV
I think all drugs should be legalized and regulated like alcohol. CMV.
I believe the fairest and most efficient economical system in the world is completely laissez faire capitalism. CMV
I believe hourly wage makes it too easy for the person being paid to scam their way into more money than what they worked for. CMV
I don't feel bad for drug addicts because they did it to themselves. CMV
I think people who post about their dead relatives on Reddit are barbarians. CMV.
I feel that high-end luxury cars (Bentley, Rolls Royce, etc.) are a complete and utter scam. CMV
I'm convinced that natural selection is the way to go in this world. Please, CMV.
Spider-Man has suffered more than other superheroes when it comes to comic book adaptations CMV
I believe people who choose to become police officers have at least some small desire to commit violence. CMV
I believe that if we discovered a cure for psychopathy that society should force psychopaths to take it. CMV.
I think most higher education is useless, given today's horrible economy. CMV
I'm convinced Bitcoins are either a delusion, or a long con. Help me CMV.
I think treating my patient according to their best interests and maximizing profitability are mutually exclusive goals. CMV.
CMV Help me understand the difference between the EDM scene vs. the Hippie Generation.
I believe that contributing to the arts should not be considered charity. CMV
I don't think that people in the restaurant/food business should expect tips. CMV
Fashion has been changing more slowly in the 21st century compared to the second half of the 20th century. CMV
I believe we have a moral obligation to intervene in Syria. CMV
I don't think conscious means personally responsible. CMV.
I believe the majority of people lie all the time, either consciously or subconsciously; I would love it if you can CMV.
Hell is other people. CMV.
I don't think adding the word "culture" makes views on black people less racist, CMV.
I believe that parents who give birth to a child with severe health complications, be it mental or physical, have the right to end the life of that child in a humane, legal way. CMV
I believe the justice system and thus society will never fully work and be credible until a full-proof lie detector be created, please CMV
I don't see any reason why single use restrooms should be gender oriented. CMV.
I believe that religion is detrimental to humanity and should be eliminated CMV
I believe that modern, mass media is biased, corrupt, and is only concerned with getting views. CMV
In a democracy all parties should have the same funds and prefab, standardized election campaigns, CMV
I don't believe that illegal immigrants to Australia (aka 'boat people') should be allowed to enter the country or, should they enter, receive any benefits. CMV
I don't believe there is anything morally wrong with Miley Cyrus's recent behavior. CMV.
I think that most fashion is arbitrary and people take it far too seriously. I am for people wearing whatever they feel like at home, in almost all workplaces, and in public. CMV.
I don't think the Universe, the life in it, or anything of that nature and scale has any actual value, CMV
I believe jerking to Porn is a form of cheating in a relationship, and would very much like someone to CMV.
I think that inappropriate jokes (racist, sexist, homophobic..) are ok if you are in a private group who all understand that they are just jokes and understand that you're just joking about the stereotypes. CMV
Han Shot First. CMV
I believe that the toaster oven is better than the traditional toaster in every meaningful way. CMV.
I believe that we should change the requirement for Senators and our house of representatives to reside in Washington D.C., CMV.
I've been having a bit of a thought experiment lately - if personal safety can be legislated by requiring seat belts, motorcycles should also be outlawed. CMV
I think humanity should genetically engineer itself, once it is able to do so effectively. CMV
I am a MRA. Please, CMV.
The average vote is worth less than the time and money it takes to cast one. CMV
I believe that the world needs the United States more than the United States needs the world. CMV.
I believe Tarmogoyf is a seriously overrated card. CMV
Lazy people often cannot help being lazy. CMV
Abortion, domestic violence, gay's rights, GMOs, and other social issues are distractions that the wealthy use to oppress the lower and middle classes. CMV.
I don't want to believe that World Trade Center building 7 was taken down by demolition. CMV
I believe that gay men have more oral sex than straight people. CMV.
The only way to a happier life is to stay away from as much people as possible, CMV?
Society decides what is moral. CMV
I believe that the crucifix is a form of idolatry. CMV.
I believe that a statement should be considered independently of the person making it, CMV
Female Korean pop groups are gaining popularity only because they are pretty and expose their legs. CMV.
I believe hunting as a sport should be done with only a bow and arrow CMV.
I believe that reddit (as a collective) hates police officers. [CMV]
Given the atrocities in Syria, invading Iraq in 2003 was better than the alternative. CMV
I advocate for social change under the flag of "The Zeitgeist Movement". I want to see the application of the scientific method and all it's advancements within our everyday lives. The only way this can be done is to remove our monetary system. Try and CMV
Just like alcohol, there should be a legal smoking age. CMV
Help Cmv, but the debate over minimum wage seems off.
I believe that the US is neither credible nor trustworthy as a primary actor in matters of nuclear non-proliferation. CMV
Aside from physical differences, men and women aren't that different. CMV
In almost all cases, married couples should have joint finances. CMV.
I am convinced that 9/11 was an effort by the US government to help ignite America's interest in the War on Terror. CMV.
I believe that it is pointless to try and date if you are/seem unfit. CMV
I think that if Israel had gained it's independence fair and square. CMV.
I believe that apathy and ignorance are both praised and celebrated by American Generations X and Y far more than they should be, and to a detrimental degree. CMV.
I believe that the quasi-legal system for controlling the sale of marijuana employed in the Netherlands is more effective than those currently in use by the US. CMV
We should close down or stop funding most humanities and soft sciences in colleges, as they are not productive for society. CMV.
I believe that public education should not exist because of the fact that it is based on the Prussian model of education, which is unbelievably evil. CMV
I think Fermi's Paradox is solved. CMV
I don't have a problem with people owning exotic pets. CMV.
Safe haven laws should apply until a kid turns 18 CMV
Almost everything discussion based on reddit is just about circlejerking. CMV
I believe purposefully loud vehicle exhaust should be made illegal for street legal cars and trucks. CMV
I feel the UK campaign of encouraging illegal immigrants to leave isn't racist/evil. CMV.
I believe that people who are homophobic have a mental disorder, CMV.
I Believe the Natural Born Citizen Clause of the US Constitution is Unnecessary. CMV
I remain unconvinced that an airplane actually crashed into the Pentagon on 9/11. CMV
If fast food is your thing, I don't really understand that, but that's fine. But if you cross a picket line to get your factory-farmed meat, fuck you. CMV.
After some thought I can't seem to justify how one can be opposed to apartheid, but find it acceptable to limit rights based on citizenship. CMV. Please read description.
I think it's immoral to flirt if you are unavailable. CMV
I believe that most conservative are being manipulated to suit their parties own ends CMV
I don't think raising the minimum wage will actually do much to combat poverty . CMV
I believe General Casey was wrong to say: "And as horrific as this tragedy was, if our diversity becomes a casualty, I think that’s worse." CMV.
I never tip even if the service is excellent. CMV.
I believe the 5th Amendment is illogical and helps criminals to escape justice. CMV.
I don't trust lie detectors. CMV.
Toilet paper should always be put on the roll so that the papers come out from the top. CMV
I'm beginning that military intervention was necessary in Iraq and is in Syria too. CMV
I believe that in a Groundhog Day scenario, murder is still morally wrong. CMV.
CMV - I believe that everyone has the capacity to be successful and do great things but don't solely because of laziness.
I believe that math best way to measure intelligence, please CMV.
I believe "non-binary genders" are a nonscientific concept and societal acknowledgement of them is premature. CMV
Welfare states are inevitable. CMV
I believe the majority of firearm legislation is wholly ineffective at preventing any kind of violent crime in th US, and that the only effective gun control measures would by definition violate the second and fourth amendment. CMV.
Whereas Karma-whoring is a violation of the social contract of reddit, I believe that the instant McCarthy-ism and witch-huntery of those who jump to that conclusion is actively worse. CMV
I believe that tau is far better than pi; CMV
I feel little to no remorse when i see images or hear people talk about humans being tortured or killed or massacred by humans or nature. Yet all emotions go on full blast if i see or hear of a single or many animals made suffer by people.CMV
The Metric System is an Efficiency Decimating Failure CMV
I believe that workers in minimum-wage jobs have no right to complain about below-subsistence level wages and if they don't like it they should work somewhere else or go back to school. CMV.
I don't believe in the idea of completely free speech. CMV.
I believe the easiest way to solve a large part of American society's ills is to guarantee housing via eminent domain. CMV.
I believe there should be an international movement/act to control real estate area sizes and set minimum standarts. CMV
I'm a cosmopolitan. I believe that the nation state should become irrelevant as an international actor. CMV
I think that I need not mind wasting a resource as long as I have paid for it. CMV.
I do not believe there is a difference between "gender" and "sex" when it comes to transexuals. CMV
I believe that communism could never possibly work. CMV.
In cases where someone recklessly or carelessly brings about their own death, I don't think I'm obligated to speak about that person respectfully. CMV.
I believe "war for oil" is justified. CMV
I think flowers are a a poor gift and a waste of money. CMV
Men's rights are a joke. They are advocated by whiny men who don't understand actual oppression. CMV
I feel like Superman is the most Mary Sueish hero, and I do not understand his popularity. CMV.
I believe Africans are stupider than whites. CMV
CMV - Corporal Punishment should be reintroduced into school
I believe that /r/feminism not only hurts itself with its policy regarding banning users and removing posts, but also shows how little feminists are interested in hearing any opinion other than their own. CMV
I believe that if you are qualified for service then you would be a fool to not do at least one enlistment in the military. CMV.
I believe that all of the major utilities and methods of public transport in Britain should be re-nationalised, or at least have a nationalised alternative to keep prices down. CMV
I believe property destruction is a legitimate form of protest. CMV
I have enough life savings to retire. I should quit my job and play WoW all day. CMV.
Banning personal automobiles from cities would be a net positive for any city. CMV
I believe Bigfoot is a hoax
I believe Batman is a terrible superhero and his praise is unwarranted. CMV
I believe that modern art such as blank canvases are complete nonsense. CMV
I don't think car insurance should be required. CMV
I believe that the pros of being a "night owl" far outweigh the cons. CMV
I think the only way to stop graffiti is to get more creative/severe with punishment. CMV
I believe antitheism is ultimately a destructive force and that people should be able to worship any fictional deity they choose. CMV, Reddit.
I do not believe on denying someone a job because that person is overqualified. CMV
I believe the international community should get involved in Syria, but on Assad's side, CMV
I don't think cyclists have any business being in the road with cars and should either get on the sidewalk or be forced to obey some traffic laws.
I believe punishment is not justice, I believe rehabilitation and reconstruction is - CMV
I believe people who thinks alcohol make things more fun are insecure about themselves. CMV.
I think separated parents should strive for a unified parenting theory where possible, but should never question the non-endangering decisions of the other parent. CMV.
I believe that by making people feel vulnerable, multiculturalism causes them to conform more strictly to the norms of their own ethnic community, thus in practice eliminating the "diversity" that multiculturalism seeks to promote. CMV.
I think that crimes should be punished based on intent (not result) in all circumstances. CMV.
I don't think sex education is necessary beyond the information that protection should be used. CMV
I don't think the USA should go to war with Syria. CMV
I think Transgenderism is a mental disorder, CMV
I believe military intervention in Syria is appropriate. CMV
There is an objective difference between quality wine and 'plonk', and everyone should acknowledge it. CMV.
I believe that any military action taken by the US in Syria could easily spiral into a regional conflict which draws in other major world players whose interests in the area conflict with our own, possibly starting another World War. - CMV
I feel that the existence of private health insurance in the UK is a strong indicator that public healthcare is substandard. CMV.
I believe that the decrease in acceptance of cigarette smoking has led to an increase in littering of cigarette butts. CMV
I believe that states have a moral obligation to intervene in other states affairs on humanitarian grounds. CMV
I think that 3D printers are very cool, but essentially "gimmicky" at this stage. CMV
TCMV Tuesday - 08/27/13
I believe most people today have an unreasonable expectation of our current level of knowledge and understanding CMV
I don't think that US intervention in Syria is about the use of chemical weapons, mainly because we stood idly by while Saddam gassed Iran previously. CMV.
I think that violent video games, violent music, and other forms of media that glorify violence DO contribute to real world violence. CMV
I don't think real democracy is achievable due to political campaigns. CMV
I think rolling my own cigarettes is healthier than buying cigarettes, CMV
Guns are not tools, only weapons. CMV
I believe that the use of chemical weapons should NOT be a red line, CMV.
I think many minor "mental disorders" are really just weak people. CMV.
I think the "classics" in a given art are overrated and not appreciating them does not necessarily mean you don't truly appreciate the art form. CMV.
People are all selfish and mostly trash. CMV
I don't think there should be "attorney privelege" and that attorneys should be able to tell the court if their client admits to a charge. CMV
I think that women should not be allowed to fight on the front lines in combat. CMV
I believe that every person is entirely self-serving in every action they take in their life. CMV
I think that owning an indoor dog is like living with a messy, smelly toddler for 10+ years. CMV.
I believe the self-sustaining community for social outcasts I want to create will devolve into a Lord of the Flies/cult situation. CMV.
I think baseball is stupid. CMV
Despite the use of chemical weapons, I don't think the US should intervene in Syria whatsoever. CMV.
I think drug legalization is a terrible idea. CMV
Chemical warfare is just as bad as conventional warfare. A death is a death. CMV.
I don't believe space is currently "worth" exploring. CMV.
I believe storylines in video games are not nearly as good as those seen in the majority of films and novels. CMV
I believe open source software doesn't make sense in our current society, as it is basically giving away work for free. CMV.
I do not believe that prison labour is fundamentally distinguishable from slavery CMV
I believe all human action is motivated by a purely self-serving addiction to happiness, and that in the big picture nothing has a purpose. CMV
I don't think "ending the R-word" is a worthwhile goal. CMV.
In the context of physicalism I don't believe consciousness has a evolutionary advantage. CMV
I do not believe that Cosmopolitan magazine is misogynistic or derogatory towards women. CMV
I beleive that self-destruction is acceptable if you only destroy yourself. CMV.
I believe that God does not exist. CMV.
Alimony is an outdated and unfair legal obligation in today's society of equal gender opportunities. CMV!
I believe that Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber's careers are being well crafted/managed so they stay relevant into their adult years. CMV
I believe that if you agreed to Obama "Red Line", you should support an intervention in Syria ; CMV
I seriously think that people in the Western world really have no right to complain about "corruption" and the like in their countries, and doing so is extremly inconsiderate of real problems in the world. CMV
They should scrap weekends for banks and post offices. CMV
I think that there is little to no science supporting the belief that mycotoxins in coffee are actually present or noticeably detrimental -- CMV
I believe there is no inequality in hiring opportunity for women with equal experience and qualifications as men. CMV
Most Charitable Donations in the U.S. are Actually Luxury Spending. CMV.
The United States of America has the best justice system in the world. CMV.
I think college is a useless idea created just to make money, and should not exist. CMV
I believe all children should be taught to play music. CMV
I believe non-GSM people have no reason to ever use the word faggot or any other homophobic slurs. CMV.
I believe that humans should be imprinted/chipped at birth. CMV
TheRedPill theory is just an out for men who have had shitty relationships all their lives. CMV
I Believe the Optimal Storage Place for Eggs is the Refrigerator. CMV.
Anybody who has taken up smoking tobacco since the year 1990 has made a proundly stupid decision and has nobody to blame but themselves. CMV.
I believe that perpetrators of victimless crimes (ex. prostitutes, drug dealers, those who gamble, etc) should not be jailed and/or fined for their crimes
It is immoral and should be illegal for US companies to pay less than federal min wage in other countries. CMV
If a woman dresses like a slut, gets drunk and otherwise knowingly puts herself in a dangerous situation, I believe that if she gets raped she deserves it. Please, CMV.
there is no proof(perhaps no way *to* prove) that time exists. CMV
I am not convinced that there are any ethical arguments for conserving species beyond the fact that their extinction will affect other living species. CMV.
I believe that foreign aid paid from our USA tax base builds infrastructure exploited by our owning class, and that the net flow of wealth comes back to the US tax free. CMV about this form of money laundering.
Readmitting to a hospital with the same diagnosis whilst being noncompliant should result in limited treatment CMV
I think that reliable birth control should be a requirement to receive long term public assistance
I see little value in saving endangered species, unless they are clearly connected to human survival. CMV
I believe the Donald Knuth quote "Premature optimization is the root of all evil" engenders a poor view of how to best program. CMV.
I believe that members of modern western society suffer from a form of mass social psychosis. CMV
I think that compulsory voting laws should be implemented in American national elections. CMV
I am lead to believe oil/petroleum subsidies in the United States are purely a form of cronyism. CMV
I believe my choice of owning a gun for home defense is nobody's business. CMV
I think people who think weed is completely harmless and smoke it in excess are just as idiotic as the people against the drug CMV
I think having a lot of kids at once is selfish at the expense of others. CMV
Comedy can only reach it's full potential when you're allowed to joke about any subject, no matter how offensive. CMV.
"Rape" is overused and watered down - CMV
I don't think people should be allowed to smoke cigarettes in public. CMV.
I think the word "racism" has lost any useful meaning. CMV
I am a Christian who believes saying, "Oh my God" is a sin, but do not see anything wrong with using the F word or other "cuss" words. CMV.
I think Uber is a great company that is going to change the world. CMV.
I believe that human cloning should be legal. CMV
I think that 3D printing will not have a meaningful impact on the world in my lifetime. CMV.
I believe that our modern civilization is on the road to complete collapse. CMV
I believe boycotting places (like Chick-fil-A) is just advocating more hate and solving nothing. CMV.
I believe it should be illegal for cops to break traffic laws without turning their lights/sirens on. CMV.
I believe that we live in a society where women are almost always treated as a victim and men are almost always treated as the aggressor. CMV.
[Mod-Post] DeltaBot is now open source!
I believe that Paternity testing should be mandatory for a father to be put on a birth certificate CMV
I don't believe electing a third party candidate to the US presidency will change much. CMV.
I am a strong believer in social Darwinism and believe that free market capitalism is the best way to rid society of undesirables. CMV
I believe that international development is just compassionate colonialism. CMV
I believe that an regular unarmed police force is better that an armed one. Please CMV
I think abortion ought to be mandatory for those 16 and under CMV
I Think That Strongly Held Beliefs Are Detrimental To Both The Individual Who Holds Them and Society. CMV
I think that gaming, as a medium, is intrinsically hostile to storytelling. CMV
I do not believe William Shakespeare deserves as much time in schools as he gets. CMV
Pre-existing child pornography should be legal and freely accessible, CMV
I believe that liberals will never admit that there is anything wrong with black culture. CMV
I think the mainstream American pay-to-recycle/"go green" craze is just one more layer of profitability corporate America has sold to the public. CMV.
It worries me to see people discriminate against pit bulls. I've always believed animals' behavior reflects that of their owners and what environment they are raised in. CMV.
I think burying people/cremation/etc... are a complete waste of resources. Instead we should be harvesting organs, using bodies for science, and eating them. CMV
Hand-made things should not be worth more than machine made things. CMV.
I believe that convicted child molesters should be chemically castrated. CMV
I think Edward Snowden's actions are hypocritical and cowardly. CMV.
I believe increasing the minimum wage would almost single handedly get us out of recession CMV
I believe that men should be able to either have a say on abortion or not be held liable for child support. CMV.
I think that diamond engagement rings are a sham. CMV
Grave-digging is fine. CMV!
I believe the world would be a better place if we all spoke one language, and we should strive for this. CMV
I feel like it is foolish to make rules against swearing in online games targeted towards adults. CMV
I believe it's weird and nonsensical for adults to love Disney. CMV!
I think people who say they like "free jazz" are just pretending. CMV
I think that Sam Gamgee did almost all the work and deserves more credit than Frodo. CMV
I believe recent CMV's which necessitate equal punishment for women for crimes usually committed by men are expressed out of misogyny. CMV
Alcohol is bad, please don't let me grow up boring
I want to join a radical environmentalist group to fight global warming. CMV
I believe that a man should be able to force a woman to abort a baby if he can prove that the embryo is the result of she raping him, or she lying about being on BC. CMV
I think Reddit would be much improved by removing meta subreddits. CMV
I believe people who don't think life exists outside of Earth, and who don't believe in alien UFOs are asinine - CMV!
I believe overweight and obese persons should be subject to the same ridicule, criticism, and social and legal obligations as smokers. CMV
I am an Emotivist who believes that all ethical, moral and general 'good/badness' we see in the universe is opinion only, nothing more. CMV
I think we should be mediocre, so people don't miss us painfully when we're gone. Maybe CMV?
I believe that experiments that cause great suffering should only be performed on brain-dead animals. CMV.
I think that people who are OK with being "assholes" generally life happier more productive lives than "nice" people. CMV.
I think homeschooling is inherently wrong for the majority of the population. CMV
I think transsexuality is no different to not liking your body shape or your height CMV
The common moral arguments against piracy are ultimately all derived entirely from it's illegality, CMV
The Boston Bombings Are Unimportant And I Don't Care. CMV
People dismiss r/theredpill for the wrong reasons CMV
I don't believe anything emotional-based is true and things like good, evil, beauty, ugly and things like that does not "exist". CMV
People should strive to avoid hypocrisy at all times. CMV
I think Ben Affleck will make a great Batman.
I think that mostly, religion is pointless and abortion should be legal. CMV
I think if you receive a substantial amount of government assistance (forms of welfare) you should not have the right to vote. CMV
I think that capitalism is a flawed system that will always have an exploited "class" no matter how prosperous the population is as a whole. CMV
I think anyone that thinks that NASA is spending time and money to get to Mars "for entertainment purposes," like Ron Paul alleged in his AMA today, lacks intellectual curiosity and is overwhelmingly ignorant on the topic. CMV
I believe people are inherently selfish. CMV
Summer vacation should be done away with, and school should run continuously through the year. CMV
I think Bradley Manning and the World got off pretty easy considering the recklessness of his crimes. CMV.
I believe people are not morally obligated to allow their body parts to be used for medical research. CMV
I think the Nintendo Wii U is a failure. CMV
I am convinced that every person on earth should be signed up for Cryonic suspension, and that the future will view our refusal to do so as the largest tragedy of their past. CMV
The US over funds the military.
I don't think an underage person should be able to be put on trial as an adult, regardless of the crime. CMV
I believe arming school staff is a bad idea CMV
I love suburban lifestyle and do not understand the recent push for urbanization and shaming of suburbanites. CMV.
I don't believe in any kind of afterlife, CMV
I believe the ISP opt-in system for explicit content in the UK accomplishes what it sets out to do without compromising freedom. CMV
I believe that the stock market, in its current form, is bad for the economy &amp; is basically legalized gambling. CMV
Any action performed by a person that reduces the quality of another's life should be illegal. CMV.
The US should intervene in civil wars around the world by clearly picking sides, even if we do not like those we support. CMV
I believe bailouts are bad. CMV.
I believe that females who make false accusations of rape should receive the same punishment rapists do. CMV.
I believe animal shelters are a waste of resources. CMV.
I believe that the system set up to uphold the British Royal Family is inherently corrupt and should be abolished soley due to its injustice. CMV
I believe people who believe in US government wide conspiracies are ridiculous. CMV.
I Believe That Citizens in a Democracy Are Legitimate Targets of War. CMV
I don't have a positive opinion about Sarcasm - CMV
I think that any company that offers maternity leave must also, with identical allowances, grant paternity leave as well. CMV
I believe that if you are willing to break the law and release classified documents you should be willing to live with the consequences. CMV.
I think our tipping system (US) is flawed and that it should be redefined as more of a courtest than a rule CMV
I don't believe that just declaring yourself male or female makes you male or female, CMV
If given the choice between buying a genuine painting by Picasso for $155M or a good fake for a fraction of the price, I'd take the fake. CMV
I don't see any problem with voter ID Laws. CMV
I believe that Adblock is morally neutral, CMV
I believe that men should not be responsible, financially or otherwise, for caring for a child if only the mother elects to keep it. CMV
I believe that having only two (major) political parties is ruining the United States. CMV.
I believe that the conclusions reached by the House Select Committee on Assassinations (HSCA) regarding the assassination of JFK on Nov. 22, 1963 are true and accurate. CMV.
I believe that infinite regress of causation is not a fallacy - CMV
I believe that hate crimes shouldn't exist. CMV
I believe homeschooling is bad for children and should be outlawed at a State level. CMV
Inheritance tax should be at or close to 100%, CMV
I believe that the individual people working in the American government have good intentions and only want the best for the people. CMV.
All governments will crumble soon and they should. CMV.
I truly believe Bigfoot exists CMV
I don't believe transgendered people should be addressed by their preferred sex. CMV
I believe that the use of chemical weapons is no worse than any other type of weapon, and it should not be treated any differently
I believe all money sent to charities should be sent to charities that only help humans, not animals. CMV
I do not think biodiversity is inherently important. CMV.
I believe that women (and men) who go on welfare should have their benefits revoked if they have more children. CMV
I believe that vaccines are harmful and are directly linked to autism. CMV.
I believe that economic issues should be paramount to social issues in elections. CMV
I don't think that there is a problem with cultural appropriation and in fact I think it's offensive to tell someone what they can and cannot wear/do because they are not from a specific culture. CMV.
I'm not against it morally, but I don't acknowledge transgenderism as legitimate as being gay or lesbian because it involves a denial of ones own physical body CMV.
The Facebook Messenger app, separate from the Facebook app, is nearly useless. CMV.
The Pope is just another (type of) lineage of Kings CMV
I believe mankind is wrong and repugnant, and not worth the destruction or pain it has caused the Earth. CMV
I think that strategy type video games are stupid, and I have never understood their appeal. Popular ones I am referring to are Starcraft, Civilization, warhammer, the sims, ect. I have tried to play them, but I couldn't make it very far before I just had to stop. CMV
The phrase 'man up' is sexist no matter who it is spoken to, spoken by, or whether it is spoken with the intent of being sexist. CMV.
I strongly support unions CMV
I think it would be possible to turn the power of the military industrial complex into a space exploration industrial complex without losing the economic benefit. CMV?
We should do away with spelling checks and auto-correction. CMV.
I think it's okay for an employer to ask women if they're planning to have children soon and not promote/hire them accordingly CMV.
I'm slowly becoming racist, please CMV!
Geek/Nerd culture is a culture of pure consumerism. CMV
I think that "bodily autonomy", by itself, is a horrible reason to justify abortion. CMV.
I believe elementary/high school should be year round- CMV.
I believe that police officers hold inherently unhealthy and stressful positions that warps their perception of society, and reforms to address police abuse of power and force will be unsuccessful until we change the nature of their occupation somehow, CMV
I believe that with the current age/genes of the people that chose to reproduce we will run into problems very fast CMV
I believe that mass surveillance of public areas is perfectly fine and would discourage crime. CMV
I believe having kids is an overall miserable ordeal and that anyone that claims it isn't is suffering from Stockholm Syndrome. CMV
I believe that homosexuality is an idea created by culture. CMV
I hate cops. - CMV
I think the NSA is a necessary evil; there should be strict legislation about the possible consequences from it, but not a complete disestablishment.
I Believe Medical Treatments Have Allowed Genetic Diseases to Proliferate Instead of Be Naturally Selected Out. CMV
I believe that SkullGirls is sexist - CMV
I believe that The Prisoner of Azkaban is the worst book in the Harry Potter series. CMV.
I believe that Medicare &amp; Social Security are ponzi schemes. CMV.
We are all going to die someday, I might just as well kill myself right now. CMV
I believe any form of amnesty for illegal immigrants is slap in the face for those who followed the rules and the laws by immigrating legally. CMV
I believe that non-spammers should be able to see that their comment has been deleted, CMV
The Conservative's perspective is wrong.. the first duty of Government is to enable the People. CMV
I think universities should only teach academic subjects, CMV.
Global Warming: I believe that it's real; I believe that it's human-caused. HOWEVER, I am not that worried about it. CMV.
I believe that churches should be tax exempt and be able to preach about politics and endorse candidates CMV
I believe that under certain circumstances, double jeopardy should be acceptable. CMV
I think the entertainment industry is corrupt, everyone is fake, greedy and all the women were forced to sleep their way to the top. CMV
I believe that people should have sex with as many people as they want as long as they practice safe sex and that no one should care how many previous partners their SO have had. CMV
I believe that celebrities that have criminal charges should be stripped of their titles and fame and never be allowed to get them back. CMV
I do not believe that Austerity measures have any negative consequences. CMV
I do not believe photography takes a lot of skill. CMV
CMV I grew up on a small organic hobby farm and now I can't understand why chickens should have a right to life.
I don't believe most of the corporate leaders in the world can possibly be secret statists while publicly endorsing anarcho-capitalist views CMV
I feel bad for my cat spending his entire potential 15+ year long life inside of my house, I'm pretty sure he's miserable this way. CMV
I believe that the term "terrorist" is just the new version of "commie" or "communist." CMV
I believe someone who has taken too much time to meet certain social milestones have little to no chance of having a normal life. CMV
Dual-citizens should not be able to serve in State or Federal government - CMV
I don't believe a society can be very successful or safe without taxation and law enforcement. CMV
I don't believe there is any irrefutable evidence that proves the existence of the paranormal, especially ghosts CMV!
I believe that children's television, such as Disney and Nickelodeon, has declined in quality and intelligence over the last 10 years. CMV
I believe the Federal Reserve should be ended. CMV
The government should offer bounties for citizens to pentest counterterrorism systems. CMV.
I believe in a right to death established through prior written consent. I believe such a document should be treated as legally binding, and that ignoring the wishes outlined therein should be a crime. CMV
I believe that this world's nature necessitates a supernatural origin. CMV
I think A Feast for Crows was a sub-par novel, CMV
I believe that we shouldn't care much about sportspersons' personal lives and character flaws. CMV!
CMV - Tobacco products should be illegal
I think that all "networking marketing" opportunities are pyramid schemes and don't work in the long run. CMV.
I think an "easy" fix for the world's problems is to put a cap on accumulation of wealth. CMV
I think that the expectation of "tipping" in America is out of hand. CMV
I believe that they US government should step in and support the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt. CMV
I think dropping $25,000+ on a wedding makes no sense when that money could be diverted into buying a house together and start off married life on the right foot. CMV
I believe that it should never take more than a few hours the night before an exam to study. CMV
TCMV Tuesday - 08/20/13
I believe that purchase of luxury items and services should be tax deductible. CMV!
I think that now it would be a good business decision for potentially many companies to bring certain manufacturing operations to Haiti. CMV
I think there needs to be some sort of life after death. CMV
You should be able to know who upvotes and downvotes your comments. CMV
Libertarianism, especially that in the USA, could never successfully work without the 250 years of prior government investment and regulation of infrastructure and society. CMV
I believe the US news media does not act in the best interest of the US people, CMV.
The collapse of building 7 was not adequately explained by any reports or studies. CMV
I think that children of homosexuals are disadvantaged. CMV
I believe that US and US-sponsored interventions and coups in other countries during the Cold War were necessary evils, and are not something the US should be ashamed of. CMV
I am an atheist, but I don't think there is a good reason to dismiss karma and/or reincarnation. CMV.
I think politicians should be paid a lot more than they currently are. CMV.
I believe rape alarmism harms men more than it helps women. CMV
I don't see anything morally or ethically wrong with self harm. CMV.
I think the United States should be a direct democracy. CMV
Opera singers are far better than Pop singers, CMV
I don't believe in volunteering. CMV.
I feel that I (straight male) should feel bad that I am not sexually attracted to women of a particular race - CMV
The U.S. military court system should be abolished and military justice handled in civilian federal courts. CMV.
Sushi chefs are highly over rated and anyone with moderate cooking skills can make equally high quality sushi. CMV.
There is no such a thing as free will. CMV
I believe that parts of the APA's 'Duty of Care' surrounding self harming patients has become dangerously detrimental to those suffering mental health issues. CMV.
I believe that listening to music (even instrumental) while you do work keeps you from concentrating. CMV
I never got drunk and I don't think I ever will in the future. Am I missing something? - CMV
I don't think I should go to burning man because it's just a money making rip off for the misslead.
I believe that the 40-hour workweek is unnecessary on any level. CMV
I don't understand why we're told that our thoughts about ourselves take precedence over what others think about us, but the general public still persists in telling us what to do, think, say, and eat and ridicules/shames us if we don't comply. CMV
I think it is unfair to price clothes of different sizes with the same price. CMV.
I believe that watching professional sports is a huge waste of time CMV
I believe people with Down syndrom are like children, and I treat them as such. Please CMV.
I believe that failure reflects on the person who failed. CMV
I believe buying used is often unethical because it deprives the creator of their income/royalties. CMV
The act of voting should require comprehensive tests in both civics and general intelligence. CMV
I don't believe that Windows 8 deserves all the hate it's gotten, CMV.
I do not believe the multi-verse theory, CMV
I believe Internet is one of the worst things ever happened to the world. CMV
I believe that Scientific Skepticism is the ideal value system CMV
It should be illegal to divert funds from academics to athletics. CMV
I believe that marijuana should be legalized in all states specifically as an economic resource. CMV
I believe that legalizing marijuana would be extremely advantageous to America in many ways, and these advantages outweigh any problems legalization may cause. CMV.
I support free speech even if you shout fire in an crowded building (and other things). CMV
I think religion has a place in politics. CMV
I believe being "slutty" cheapens your value as a potential partner.
New York pizza is better than Chicago pizza - CMV
I can't separate the ideas of Atheism and Nihilism. CMV
I don't think human nature exists. CMV.
I believe that the realistic opportunity to mitigate and adapt to human-driven climate change passed us at least 5-10 years ago and that we are now doomed to a long-term worldwide decline and a total collapse of civilization within the next 100-200 years. CMV
I believe the Japanese are an irredeemable people for the atrocities they committed against the Chinese in the 20th and 21st centuries. CMV
I believe religion, no matter which one, has always just been used to oppress people and has nothing good in it CMV
I believe that Guantanamo bay should be closed down as quickly as possible CMV
Luxury designer brands hinder economic progress. CMV
I think eugenics should be practiced for humanity's sake. CMV
I believe it's naive to think that climate change can be prevented, CMV.
I believe that /r/conspiracy should be a default subreddit. CMV
I think that football (soccer) is an incredibly boring sport, with almost no action happening in each match, and the players do not deserve the respect or money they are given. CMV.
I believe that steroids/'PEDs' are not as abhorrent as they are made out to be in professional sports.
I think East of Eden is a superior piece of literature to study than Grapes of Wrath. CMV.
I believe that Reddit has gone downhill lately and the situation won't improve if I unsubscribe from defaults. Please CMV, please
I believe that vaccination should be mandatory - CMV
I believe that most group projects in schools (mainly middle and highschool) fail to convey their intention and are not fair regarding the grading CMV.
I believe that the most likely explanation for the origin of the universe is that it is a simulation, CMV.
I believe that felons should retain the right to vote, CMV
I believe Conservative stances and policies are harmful to progress in society. CMV
I believe there is no good reason to opt out of post-mortem organ donation - CMV
I think that most people who have children end up losing their own sense of individuality/personal growth and often end up living through their children. CMV
I think Toby Maguire is a much better Spiderman than Andrew Garfield. CMV
I don't think that dropping my Gifted 10th Grade Literature class for a regular english class is a bad idea. CMV
I believe that all schools in all stages of education should be free. CMV
I believe Assange should face trial for the sexual molestation charges in Sweden CMV
I don't think the Beatles were so great. CMV
I think that believing in God should be classified as a mental illness. CMV.
I believe that a balanced plant based diet would be made less healthy by the addition of animal products - and that overall, animal products are inherently unhealthy. CMV
I believe inequality of wealth, political power and fertility is essential for civilization to function. CMV.
I believe that STEM fields are unfairly perceived by many as being unfriendly to women, and that this perception contributes to their under-representation (and vice versa). CMV
I believe that free speech should not apply to all forms os speech, example, religious hate speech. CMV
I think that all obese people only have themselves to blame for their weight. Medical issues only make losing weight difficult, not impossible. CMV
I think GamersGate is a low-quality retailer. CMV.
I believe that some women deserve to be hit. CMV
there is no such thing as "thin privilege"
CMV : I believe an alien spacecraft landed at Roswell.
I believe that both Feminism and the MRM are preferentialist and exclusionary. CMV
I believe that if South Korea actually launched a nuke to the U.S., who in turn would retaliate with another nuke, killing both leaders and several million (perhaps billions) of people, the rest of the world would be better off. CMV
I believe that it is OK for toddlers to wear bikinis and that this does not oversexualize them, CMV.
I think American's attitude towards foreign human-rights issues are not only condescending but harmful to the propagation of real change CMV
I believe that the ability to learn online should make college outdated soon^tm. CMV
I really don't think there's any justification for piracy, and I totally support increasing DRM. CMV.
I believe that expected business wardrobe and presentation are inherently sexist and prevent many women from entering professional settings. CMV
[CMV]I feel that people should overthrow the US Government.
I believe anyone who supports libraries has no grounds to oppose filesharing. CMV
Atheists who claim that there is no after life are wrong. CMV
Power is good. Greed is good.
I believe that actors who prepare for roles by doing something extreme are less impressive, not more impressive, practitioners of their craft. CMV
I believe 9/11 was an inside job. CMV
I don't see global cultural homogenization as a bad thing. CMV.
I think that the War on Drugs could be won (nearly non-existant drug use) if we got very serious about it; CMV
The belief in authority is a religion, a dogmatic and erroneous belief-system; CMV.
We need a major war, revolution or a natural disaster to start humanity on the right track. CMV.
I disagree with the concept of inheritance, CMV
I think bald guys are unattractive. As a guy who's balding, I think the only way to be attractive is go through the hair surgery or hair piece route. I'd really, really, really love to CMV.
CMV- The people who claim that one interpretation of a classical piece is better than another in any objective way are talking out of their ass. Barring, mistakes and flubs, obviously.
I think the very fact that marijuana is so widely accepted makes it more dangerous than 'harder' drugs, CMV
I think that trans people are just confused and need therapy instead of hormones or surgery. CMV.
I don't get why people do walks or bike rides to support cancer/AIDS research, or other causes. It seems like a huge waste of time/money when instead people can simply donate money. CMV.
I don't think an atheist and a religious person could realistically have a good marriage, CMV.
I believe the indie game spelunky doesn't deserve the praise it gets. CMV.
I believe that monogamy has stunted if not fully halted human evolution.
I believe that the current anti-bullying movement is an over prescribed and exaggerated issue and that bullys aren't the problem. CMV
I believe that mainstream contemporary art since the 1950s is juvenile and shallow; in short it is not art. CMV please
I believe that without a unified organized revolution carried out by the citizens of this country, the United States will crumble within my lifetime (I'm 36). Please CMV!!!
I believe that high fructose corn syrup is bad for you. CMV
I believe engineers are over-celebrated (especially on reddit) and that the study/profession is not nearly as impressive or thought-provoking as many others such as history, English, and philosophy. CMV
Living in almost any European country is vastly superior to living in America. CMV
I believe that a man is somebody with a penis and a woman is somebody with a vagina. CMV.
I believe that everyone is bisexual. CMV
I believe kids born to those unable to raise them should be adopted as infants instead of growing up on welfare, CMV
I don't think polyamoury can lead to stable long-term relationships. CMV!
I believe that discussing the utopian end goals of a political movement is a fruitless misallocation of effort that would be better used discussing more realistic ways of implementing beliefs and ideals. CMV.
CMV - Shakespeare is no longer relevant today the themes are irrelevant the language is hard to grasp and the characters are just unrelateable
Family, not race, gender, religion, culture, or society, shapes individuals' viewpoints, attitudes, and personalities the most. CMV.
I believe that Nelson Mandela is not a hero and has destroyed South Africa. CMV
I agree that there is a marked gender-related double standard, but I'm so tired of people talking about it as if the double standards will end. CMV
I believe that all decisions made are inherently selfish. CMV.
(Meta) What makes a good CMV?
In terms of severe unjustifiable crimes, I support rehabilitative justice models for practical reasons, but not for moral reasons. Please CMV
I think a TV show is the best way to adapt a book to the screen. CMV.
I believe that Marriage as a lifetime commitment is an outdated expectation. CMV
Python is the perfect first programming language. CMV.
[CMV] The Social Security system in America is doomed and should be phased out ASAP.
I'm more comfortable pirating a famous band's music than I am pirating a small-time musician's. CMV
Men's rights advocacy on reddit has lost sight of reality. CMV.
I don't think artists'/authors'/businessmen's/etc personal views should make me not enjoy their creations
Women cheat more than men in relationships
I don't think accusing someone of "objectification" is a valid criticism. CMV
I believe that having someone like Riley Cooper on your football team is more of a burden that having Aaron Hernandez. CMV
I can't trust someone who argues from pure self-interest rather than principle. CMV.
The Proliferation of Networking and other Professional/Social Advancement Techniques Invalidates Any Notion of Meritocracy. CMV.
I believe that if one is curious about a topic, they are also care about it. CMV
I believe that the fuel economy benefits offered by hybrid cars is a myth due to a basic understanding of physics.
Equal treatment for gender/race should not include giving minorities things just for being minorities.CMV
I think I should always be allowed to do things that could potentially hurt only me (e.g. some drugs). CMV
I bear no responsibility for the sins of my predecessors, such as slavery and Native American displacement.
I believe that teeth whitening is dangerous. CMV.
I think a man should be able to "legally abort" a fetus he does not wish to have but the mother does within the same period the mother has to actually abort the featus. CMV
Saying "Bless you" after someone sneezes is a terribly backwards application of manners. CMV
I believe the washing machine - but not the dryer - was, and still is, the most revolutionary appliance ever invented. CMV
Being "offended" or "hurt" by certain words demonstrates weakness and a lack of intelligence, (at least regarding language). CMV.
Steal from the Rich and give to the Poor. CMV
I believe allowing doctors to know if you are an organ donor before you are declared dead presents a potential risk to your life. CMV.
My STATECRAFT is the best system of government known to Man. CMV.
I think resistance to standardized tests in the US is pointless, as no one has really presented a better way of being able to show the academic growth of students. CMV
I believe that gun control is most harmful to the groups who tend to support it the most. CMV
I believe democracies ought to make voting compulsory. CMV
I am so repulsed by my normal and healthy but oddly-shaped breasts that I'm planning to have them removed. CMV.
I believe that all drugs should be legalized for recreational use. CMV
CMV I believe that lying to or trying to make the world better than it is is damaging to a child's intellect. Additionally I believe that and mindless fluff media should not be shown to a child for the same reason.
Cynicism is never a good thing. It undermines hope and hinders progress even at small levels. CMV
I think the US should cease sending aid to Egypt during the current turmiol. CMV
I believe that Golum/Smegal was not necessary to destroy the ring at Mt. Doom after Frodo and Sam made it into Mordor. CMV.
I believe that you should have to get a license to become a parent. CMV
I believe that the current design of the European Union is flawed, and furthermore that there is no viable solution - it will crumble or disband. CMV
I'm a man who finds men's rights activists condescending. CMV.
I think that humans have ceased to evolve CMV
I believe it is on society best interests to provide strong incentives to foster a healthy family unit. CMV
The myth of Santa Claus is harmful. CMV
I, for the most part, believe having a "fast" or "slow" metabolism is a myth. CMV.
I believe that a catastrophic event that will change the face of humanity will occur in my lifetime. CMV.
I am starting to think that some individuals in the US Government could potentially use all of the information the NSA has gathered against us to form a coup and eradicate democracy. CMV
I believe men who do not consent to a child should not have to pay child support. CMV
Reddit is more libertarian than liberal (in the American progressive sense). CMV.
It is not yet known whether climate change will be catastrophic- CMV
I think smartphones and tablets are just glorified gadgets that serve no useful purpose different from their less classy counterparts. CMV
When someone posts that something is wrong on social media, but they say 'I don't want to talk about it' when someone responds, it's not always a bad thing; please CMV.
I think that it's possible for us to build a pretty reliable model to tell whether the NSA is actively monitoring Reddit today and cross-referencing everything we say through semantic analysis to know our identiy and if not now precisely when they will be doing so. CMV
I believe that nuclear energy is the only viable alternative to fossil fuels if we want to prevent catastrophic climate change before it is too late. CMV.
Soccer is a boring sport to watch. CMV
I believe bullying should be an expelable offense at first evidence. CMV
This movement to redefine "masculinity", lead by a woman, is a joke. CMV
Americans who identify with the Tea Party movement are suffering from epistemic closure. CMV
I believe death sentences to murders are the rightful punishment. CMV
I believe Jezebel.com is a poor advocate for women's issues. Rather than point out inequality and misogyny with the goal of persuading offending groups, they mock and attack accomplishing nothing. CMV
I believe that the vast majority of rape is about sex, not power. CMV
I think hiding the number of upvotes a comment gets, for a predetermined length of time, is utterly pointless. CMV.
I believe that almost everyone accepts a higher power. CMV!
Using email encryption is not worth it. It's too difficult and my communication is too innocuous to warrant protecting. CMV
I think 'de facto' segregation was good. CMV
I think people have the wrong idea of the benefits of going to a research university or a liberal arts college are. CMV.
I believe recreational use of drugs like marijuana in the US is extremely unethical. CMV.
The vast majority of jobs are mind numbingly boring, and pretty much the only reason most people work is money, CMV.
CMV-Human morality should not extend to animals.
I believe that seeking/offering medical advice online isn't necessarily a bad thing
I Believe Late-Term (Post-week 20) Abortion should be Illegal, with one very specific, single exception. CMV
I only vote for candidates that I find acceptable (in Federal USA elections.) CMV
I find it hypocritical of American Universities to offer degrees in 'the arts' (music, dance, etc) but not in athletics. CMV
I believe teaching that "State's Rights" were the primary cause the US Civil War should not be allowed in public schools. CMV.
Corporate-manufactured pop culture is bad for the human psyche, CMV
I believe that strict adherence to the spelling and grammatical rules of English is, for the most part, a waste of time. CMV
I have pre-concieved stereotypes towards Africa being a terrible place. CMV
American universities, particularly the arts and humanities, teach young people to be confident, arrogant, and close-minded. CMV
In the United States, every gender inequality has an opposing inequality. CMV
OOP (Object Oriented Programming) is snake oil. CMV
I think that people who complain about working in an office don't realize how lucky they are. CMV.
I don't believe in God. Please CMV.
I believe that people are brainwashed to believe having children is a good idea. CMV
Many top comments in /r/worldnews are openly racist, xenophobic, closed-minded, and are poisoning the subreddit. CMV.
I think gun control is necessary. CMV
I find the Halo series overrated. CMV
I believe the concept of morality is abolished in the presence of reason CMV
I think Eugenics, if carried out right, would improve the livelihood of all mankind and change our world for the better. CMV
Obama is a good president CMV
I believe that pornography's overall net impact on society has been negative. CMV
I don't agree with the banning of shark fin as an edible commodity. CMV
I think that Greenpeace's radicalism undermines their environmental cause. CMV
I believe patriotism negatively impacts society, CMV.
I believe that illegal immigrants in the US should be granted amnesty. CMV.
I believe speed limit laws are toxic to our society, CMV
I think it is absolutely ludicrous that, in the USA, a person can enlist at 18, but can't buy alcohol. CMV
The fundamental idea behind Pokemon is animal cruelty. CMV
I think the term "Hipster," is nothing more than Anti-Intellectualism and its negative connotations are damaging to society. CMV
CMV on the exploitative nature of this Commercial Law.
The political climate in America doesn't change fast enough because our intelligent, young people are too cynical and apathetic. CMV
I believe that Washington State and Oregon's borders should be changed along the cascade divide. CMV
Intelectual property piracy of any kind is morally wrong and harmful to the economy
I believe that at this point, the American government is systemically and irredeemably corrupt, the Republic in Constitutional terms is dead, and that America as a country is in the final preparatory stages of a complete re-enactment of Nazi Germany, complete with domestic concentration camps. CMV.
Corporate sponsorship of politicians has hurt Democracy and the US far worse than any terrorist attack has, CMV.
metamodernism is a useless movement with naive assumptions
Conservatives are more intolerant than Liberals CMV
I believe that everything is predetermined and humans have no free will. CMV.
I think the public school system is a good thing. CMV CMV [moved from ELI5 by request]
Website Apps are setting web development back years. CMV
I believe that Batman always wins the "who would win in a fight" game if he can escape the first fight. CMV.
I believe that peaceful protesting is useless in this day and age. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 08/13/13
I believe that the American culture of pranking people outside of close friends is in general just humiliating, not funny and wrong. CMV
The minimum wage should be removed and replaced by unemployment benefits. My gut says there something wrong with this so by all means, CMV.
China will be more powerful than the United States within 20 years. Please CMV.
I believe that the two-party system is dysfunctional and needs to be eliminated - CMV
Feminist comic lovers need to calm down and wait for the inevitable change in tone, or stop purchasing disagreeable products from mainstream comic producers. CMV
I believe that accepting free will as an illusion does not mean no one should be held accountable for their actions. CMV.
I believe that women should focus on having children in early adulthood rather than careers. CMV
I think it is hypocritical/sexist for [US] gov. agencies to throw money into funding STEM fields to encourage more women but you never see them saying/doing the thing about no men in female dominated fields (vet, literature, etc). CMV
I believe that most men, despite what people tend to jest, find women more attractive with clothes on than off. CMV, NSFW.
I think Nationalism is just as bad and arbitrary as Racism, Sexism and other forms of bigotry. CMV
The recent law regarding homosexuality in Russia is a sign of much worse things to come in Russia. CMV.
I believe that Libertarians have no idea how their dogma, especially the "non-aggression principle" would actually work in a real society. Please CMV!
I believe that the US is too big and to split to work as a country, and that we would be better off split into our major rejoins (New England, Mid atlantic, The South East, midwest, ect) as independent allied countries. CMV.
An adult believing in God is very similar to a child believing in the Easter Bunny or Santa Claus. CMV
[CMV] The parking brake is not necessary to apply in most modern vehicles in standard urban/suburban operating conditions.
I believe the structure of tipping needs to radically change. CMV.
I think citizen dash cams and black box recorders are a good thing. Should I CMV?
I believe it is pointless for humans to try and conserve nature. CMV
I think those who feel some afro-Americans are racist towards white Americans (i.e. Spike Lee), fail to take into account the injustices of pre-Civil War America let alone the time up to and during the Civil Rights movement. CMV
I believe things such as affirmative and race laws help further divide white and black people.CMV.
I believe that arguments for gun control legislation are largely reflexive, in response to isolated atrocities, and are not addressing the actual issues that cause them, nor do they address the historically dangerous precedents of an unarmed populous. CMV.
I have no faith in Congress, CMV
Feminism has significantly worsened the quality of public schooling in the US. CMV
I think that people who always point out and bash things or people that are considered "Hipster" are more annoying than hipsters themselves CMV
I don't any woman should be allowed to serve in a combat role in the US unless all women are required to sign up for selective service. CMV
I don't believe that anyone "deserves" more income than anyone else for any reason. CMV
I believe the United States of America can no longer be considered a "first-world country." CMV.
I believe that reposts/ posting an old imagine is wrong and angers me. CMV
I believe that even if there is an explanation on some level for why the universe exists, eventually it would still have to lead back to some first thing that 'just was' for no reason and without any cause. I see no way around this. CMV.
I believe that the censorship of dialogue or content changed against the will of the creator is inherently morally wrong. CMV.
I believe evolution caused beauty and intelligence to have a high correlation and that assuming a good looking person is smarter then average is often correct. -CMV
The Internet couldn't have gotten soo powerful and open, if government's had been in control from the start. CMV
I believe investment fund are basically pointless. CMV
I think one's age means next to nothing in terms of how mature one is and don't see the point in using age to determine when people are allowed to do what. CMV
I believe in land appropriation theory (mixing of labor). CMV
I think secularism is untenable. CMV
I believe that the environment and development can peacefully coexist. CMV
It's not necessarily misogynistic to portray overly-sexualized women in the media. CMV.
I think that multiculturalism is killing many first world countries such as England, Sweden or America. CMV
I believe the wealthy should mainly fund Charities instead of the middle class. CMV.
I've seen how marriage and relationships can ruin lives and families. I'm 17 and I never want to get into a serious relationship, including marriage, for the rest of my life. CMV
I think affirmative action should be done away with. CMV
All vegetables should be cooked. CMV.
I believe that as long as someone claims that they believe Jesus is the one son of God that sacrificed himself for our sins and calls themselves Christian, it is invalid to say that they aren't true Christians - even WBC. CMV
Religious views are detrimental to society (CMV)
I believe that marijuana should be illegal until technology is developed that can test recent use. CMV
Vaccination should be supplemented with "Jury Duty"-like deliberate infection with unattenuated germs to force humans to evolve natural defenses. CMV
Many reddit subs are over-moderated, which is insulting to their users CMV
I don't support gay marriage because I don't think a homosexual couple could a child of the opposite gender very well CMV
I believe the constitution is antiquated and outdated and should be done away with. CMV
I believe that if we can call black people "black" then it should be acceptable to call Asians "yellow".CMV
I believe we should remove anecdotes and colloquialisms from textbooks that districts purchase with taxpayer money; please CMV.
I believe annotating books takes away the pleasure of reading, therefore discouraging students from reading. CMV?
I think public education as it exists is a form of oppression. CMV
I think the funding and process of campaigning for a public office position should be highly controlled to allow a more even playing field. CMV
Alcoholism isn't a "disease". CMV.
I believe that the praise Heath Ledger received for his role as the Joker was largely informed by the fact that he died shortly after making the film. CMV!
I think the Humanities are useless. CMV
I believe that parents who hit their children are criminals and should be charged with assault, including the ones who disguise the abuse as "spanking". CMV.
I used to believe that prostitution should be legalized and regulated. TCMV. CMV back?
I believe that cultures who still live in hunter-gatherer societies are less sophisticated and less civilized than Western culture. CMV.
I believe that with corporate profits hitting record levels and wages stagnating that supply-side economics is completely untrue. CMV.
The tourism industry causes more harm than good CMV
I think that Chiropractic works. CMV
I think it's economically and socially irresponsible to have children right now. Please CMV.
I enjoy reading but I have no desire to read The Hitchhikers's Guide to the Galaxy because I think it would be a waste of my time even though everyone seems to suggest otherwise. CMV.
The concept of punishment is nonsense. CMV
i think the way male rape is handled in fiction is troublesome. CMV
I think that heightism should be taken more seriously as a form of discrimination. CMV
I believe we would be much better off with smaller countries and smaller governments. CMV.
I think Social Justice Warriors are simply immature people who don't understand that life is not always fair. CMV.
The Statement: Only allowing those without genetic disadvantages to reproduce is better for humanity in the long term. CMV.
I don't see the future ever getting better. CMV
I have no respect for people willingly in the armed services, CMV
I believe that genetically modified organisms are a good thing. CMV
I believe The Patriarchy, as a theory, holds no explanatory or predictive power, CMV
I believe porn should be illegal. CMV
People are very shallow and sheepish when it comes to mourning tragedies. CMV.
I think homosexuality is completely normal but believe people who are transgendered suffer from a mental disorder. I also mentally view a person as the gender they look like, not the one they insist they are. CMV
I Think r/atheism is full of morons who can't actually defend their views and just gang up to down vote anyone who brings up another POV. CMV
I believe benzodiazepines such as Xanax and Ativan should be highly illegal and no doctor should prescribe them. CMV?
I believe each family should have one stay-at-home parent. CMV
I don't believe in Ghosts and believe that everyone that claims to have seen them are victims of their own imagination. CMV.
I believe that advertisers should be punished/censored for using inaccurate and insensitive racial stereotypes CMV
I don't believe corporations who take measures to avoid tax are acting immorally. CMV.
I think that almost everyone should take 1,000mg of Vitamin C per day. CMV
I believe obesity is a choice. CMV?
I believe everyone to some degree is racist. CMV.
I believe that Internet is more awesome than real life, so much so that I find real life virtually pointless. CMV
I don't believe Linux will ever be a widespread used OS. CMV.
[CMV] Argentina has no reasonable, manifestable claim to the Falkland Islands.
Marriage is wrong and should be banned by state, CMV
[Mod Post] Updated Rules, Wiki, and Introduction of a "CMV Post of the day!"
I didn't really enjoy either Godfather 1 or 2 and believe that both are horribly overrated. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with concealed carry CMV
I do not believe numbers are infinite. CMV
Everyone does everything for themselves, even though it isn't necessarily bad (psychological egoism) - CMV
I believe that if you are born a white male, you have it easier than the rest of us. CMV.
I believe that people who blatantly abuse EBT/welfare should be called out, CMV
I believe that Prisoners should be forced to do manual labor while serving their sentence like in the earlier 1900's, CMV
[CMV] I believe that alcohol causes more problems then its worth and should be banned.
I believe that the entire conflict in The Matrix was wholly unnecessary. CMV.
I think that cases of female-on-male rape are an incredible minority of overall rapes. And those who wish us to reconnoiter our thinking on rape as a more gender-neutral crime are misguided, and merely arguing their own political agenda. CMV.
I think some countries (like mine) are not yet ready for full Democracy, as they would be better with something else - CMV
I do not believe "Everyone is a little bit gay" is true in any meaningful sense. CMV
I believe that a meritocratic system of government is the solution to a broken system. CMV.
I believe love is a choice and that a person does not "fall" in and out of love CMV.
Sampling music is stealing. CMV.
I believe that ObamaCare is a terrible thing for the US as a whole. CMV.
I believe that privilege is something that should be used and exploited for maximum benefit, contrary to the ideals of most SJWs. CMV
If government assistance came to an end tomorrow. Infant mortality rates would skyrocket. CMV
I think police officers are currently above the law, when they really need to be held to a harsher standard of the law than civilians. CMV
I think that life imprisonment instead of death penalty is chosen due to acceptance of society's role on the crime rather than the judgement may be wrong. CMV
I don't think pets should receive cancer treatment like chemotherapy. I think they should be put down. CMV.
I believe the US should adopt the laws and regulations of the top ranking countries on the list of inequality adjusted HDI. CMV.
I believe that misinterpretation in sexual scenarios shouldn't lead to someone's life being ruined. CMV
I don't consider NASCAR or any other car racing, to be a sport. CMV.
Gambling should be legal at any age. CMV
I believe that hard-core capitalists undermine social justice with their near-singular focus on profit and personal responsibility, while hard-core socialists undermine personal responsibility with their near singular focus on social justice. CMV
I believe that salaries in sports are insanely too high and pros don't deserve this amount of money. CMV.
I don't think that knowing how to code is going to give you a job in 10 years time. CMV
I don't think men have any negative gender role to perform, and that we should say "hell yeah!" to all the gender roles expected from us; CMV?
'The Human Right to Pursue your Personal Labor', as a basic Human CMV
I think thiefs and charlatans are in their right to do what they do and if someone falls for it this person deserved it for being too stupid. Please CMV
I don’t think it’s fair to refer to the recent “news” story about Oprah being turned away from a luxury boutique as being racially motivated. CMV.
I refuse to support anti-rape organizations and domestic-violence organizations because of most of their members' stance on female-on-male rape and female-on-male violence. CMV
The sooner I am free from the authority of my parents, the better - CMV
I think cigarettes should be illegal - CMV.
I think certain provisions in "Obamacare" hurt small businesses and their employees by forcing them into hiring practices that penalize growth and flexibility. -- CMV
I believe that both parents need to consent to having a child for one to receive child support from the other - CMV
I hate my soon to be in-laws. CMV (details about them inside)
American technology laws are crazy and outdated; please CMV.
Gay men are incapable of a committed loving, monogamous relationship. CMV
Depression isn't a chemical condition to be treated with medicine. CMV?
I think SRS is filled with closed-minded people who do not really want to engage in a dialogue with anyone but themselves. CMV.
I think that the prejudice white people face is not as bad as the prejudice black people/people of color face CMV
Asian people have a huge problem with racism, and everyone else ignores it CMV
I believe that attractive white women lead easier lives than the rest of society - CMV
I believe downvotes shouldn't be anonymous, nor should they be used as a disagree button, and anyone who uses them as a disagree button should be somehow penalized. Please CMV.
Abortion Should Be Legal Until An Infant Is 2 Years Old. CMV
I believe that human life must have finite value for a worldview to have consistency. CMV
I think that teaching women to drink less and watch what they wear is a good way to prevent rape. CMV.
I think that members of the Millennial Generation are, generally and relatively speaking, bad people. CMV
I believe that Communism is so obviously wrong that all Communist leaders deserve to be executed even if they never unjustifiably imprisoned or executed anyone. CMV
I believe that Socialism and Communism can only thrive by preying upon the idea of victimhood of it's subscribers. CMV.
I think GMOs are pretty awesome. CMV.
Bill Gates should be remembered as the face of the technology era, not Steve Jobs. CMV.
I believe that profit sharing is a bad use of company money. CMV
I think fear of flying is perfectly rational and that airplanes should be avoided for short distances. CMV
In my mind, President Obama is a liar and has lost total credibility due to the NSA scandal and his subsequent pursuit of Snowden. PLEASE CMV
I don't believe that a child should confront a bully physically/violently. CMV
I think that male basketball players deserve to be paid 10 times as much as female basketball players. CMV
The new Whose Line Is It Anyway is terrible for many reasons. CMV
I believe that single parent households of any gender are detrimental to a child. CMV
I believe college student athletes should get paid. CMV
The U.S. would be better off if everyone who supports the Tea Party disappeared. CMV.
I think that mental health labels are dangerous and do more harm than good. CMV
I believe the arguments of the Republican Party stop short and don't adequately address opposing viewpoints CMV
I think that "job creators" are the worst people to listen to when it comes to deciding government action. CMV
I don't think top Paralympians should be seen as equal to top Olympians. CMV
I believe the vast majority of libertarians care more about money than people, I want to have some faith restored in humanity, please CMV
Arguing for the existence for God (aka apologetics) is pointless. CMV
I think intelligence is largely inherited and priding one's self over it makes about as much sense as celebrating your height. CMV.
I don't understand why people don't want to have children. CMV.
I believe that religion should not come into play when making decisions for a country CMV
I think if you believe that fat people are entitled, don't deserve assistance with medical bills, or otherwise find them intolerable, you should feel the same way about alcoholics, smokers, and gambling addicts. CMV
I equate radical [and sometimes even non-radical] Feminism with Misandry. CMV.
I do not believe that teachers of any kind should be legally allowed to have unions. CMV
That it's not certain types of alcohols that make people act differently, it's a psychological placebo of myths that perpetuates the issue. CMV
I do not think prisoners should be punished at all for their actions. CMV.
I Believe The US Education System Requires Drastic Changes. CMV
The possibility of Tony Abbott becoming Australia's next PM terrifies me. CMV!
I don't think children should be exposed to religion until the Formal Operation Stage CMV
I don't think it makes sense to be comforted by 'other people have it worse than you do.' CMV
I do not think government should determine minimum wage CMV
I think circumcision should be a boys choice and not performed on infants. CMV
[CMV] I think that people who smoke are terrible people who deserve no sympathy.
I'm an Anarchist. We should do away with the state and Capitalism. CMV.
I believe the Republican Party will die within the next 100 years and will be replaced by the Libertarian Party. CMV
Native Americans (before whites) had the best possible form of government. [CMV]
I think furries have serious psychological issues, please help me CMV.
Reddit's practice of "fuzzing" vote counts accomplishes nothing positive. CMV
I think living in a city (Chicago, New York) is the worst way to live. Please CMV with personal anecdotes.
I don't see much reason to buy a house/unit instead of renting. CMV.
I believe that college should not be encouraged by our schools as it is now, it is not for everyone, or even most people, CMV (Americans only)
I think sports are ridiculous and carry no real value. CMV
I believe recreational hunting is barbaric. CMV
I believe that firearm ownership should be heavily regulated CMV
I don't believe any philosopher has solved the problem of political obligation. Therefore, government and the rule of law as we know it is inherently immoral. CMV
I believe raped men should ahve the legal power to abort the fetus. CMV?
I don't care whether the government keeps track of our browser history / email etc. or not. CMV
I think the Olympic Games should be cancelled altogether. CMV.
I eat meat, but I believe that boiling lobsters alive for meals is inhumane and evil. CMV.
I think it is harmful for a private high school to have mandatory drug and [especially] alcohol testing. CMV
I believe a raw food diet/diet without animal produce has dramatically positive effects on your health. CMV
I don't hate the big banks or large corporations and I feel the government should not regulate them differently than any other company or much at all. CMV.
I don't believe anything has meaning/purpose, that anything is deserved/not deserved, and that "I think therefore I am" isn't that convincing. CMV
I think genetic predisposition to body weight exists. CMV
I do not think the U.S. needs to have Daylight Savings Time. CMV
I think we should consider imposing a maximum allowable income. CMV
I think we should eliminate time zones. CMV.
I believe that religious and spiritual people are inherently less intelligent than the non-religious and skeptics. CMV
I think it's wrong for society to have Zoo's. CMV
I believe that both feminism and MRA are valid social movements. CMV.
I'm OK with drone strikes. CMV
I believe that almost all rape convictions are unjust. CMV.
I believe that pay and salary information for every worker should be public and easily accessible for everyone to see. CMV.
I think getting a tablet when someone already has a smartphone is a waste of money... CMV
I suspect the USA will need extensive social programs in the coming years. CMV.
I believe feminism blames men 100% for past and present oppression. CMV.
I think the Confederate flag should be banned from flying at any public or school related event. CMV
I believe private healthcare that is properly regulated is the best for the consumers and industry, CMV
I think I need to have millions upon millions of dollars in order to be happy. CMV.
I see nothing wrong with arrogance if its completely justified. CMV.
I believe that it is not gay if it's in a three-way. CMV
I believe that giving gay marriage an alternate title would solve a few issues on the matter. CMV
I don't give a damn if you're on welfare. CMV.
I feel guilty about blocking ads on websites I browse often. CMV
I think that for a parent, any reason for owning a handgun is outweighed by the inherent risks of having one in the home. CMV
I think going through with an unwanted pregnancy and putting the child in foster care is irresponsible and wrong. Please, CMV.
I wanted a school's 1% income tax levy to pass (US); it failed 2351 to 2186. CMV, Levy Naysayers
I believe that pop music has never been as bad as it is right now. For god sakes CMV
I think hook ups, one night stands and the culture around them are an insecurity mill. CMV.
I don't think small kids should be in AMF(America's Funniest Videos). CMV.
Culture is bad. Drugs are good* CMV
I think tattoos are absolutely disgusting and foolish and I think it is a genuine tragedy that so many people now have them and think they are no big deal. CMV
I believe people shouldn't criticise those who they can't do better than, CMV.
I believe that no harm could come from refining our definitions and terminologies concerning "Rape" ... CMV
I don't see how arguments to legalize Same-Sex Marriages can't also be used to argue to legalize Polygamous marriages. Please CMV.
I think emotions are as vital to humans as logic is. CMV
I believe people should have the option to pay the IRS directly at tax time exactly what they owed each year instead of having it deducted ahead of time from each paycheck. CMV
Remembering that I’ll be dead soon is the most important tool. I don't agree. CMV
A friend of mine claims she's suffering emetophobia, but I find it hard to take these kinds of phobias seriously. CMV.
I think that in-app purchases cheapen the 'Apple experience' and should not be allowed CMV
I think the US need to be liberated. CMV
I believe Yoko Ono is a crazy, talentless person with absolutely no artistic value present in her work. CMV.
I believe that welfare payments should be abolished and the money spent on other social programs instead. CMV.
I think homosexuality should be treated as a disorder. CMV
Most bronies are not actual bronies, yet do it because it's the "hipster" thing to do, CMV.
It is logically inconsistent to ban abortion but allow for a "rape exception" CMV.
I'm very skeptical as to whether or not Edward Snowden actually exists. CMV
I do not think that everyone is equal, born equal or can ever be equal and that if there are great Men and Women, there must also be useless Men and Women to quantify them by. CMV
I believe that legalizing 3D printers for public use does more harm than good. CMV
I think Ignorance is Bliss. CMV.
Judging women for revealing clothing is perfectly acceptable, and should not be considered slut shaming. CMV.
I believe dark matter and dark energy are bunk. CMV
I hate the majority of people who work in the tech industry because they are either man-children, wierdos or have a development disability, who are people which i have no time for. I'm embarrassed by my career choice, so much so i lie about what i do for a living. CMV.
I believe states' rights are an issue of absolutely no importance and should matter to no one. CMV.
On its anniversary: I believe the bombing of Hiroshima was justified. CMV.
I have doubts that sales tax is necessary in the US, and believe that it should be abolished. CMV
I believe that preventing someone from voting solely based on their age is a gross violation of human rights. CMV
I believe that the only reason we dont all kill ourselves is because of our instinct to fear death, and any other reason is just a lie to comfort ourselves. CMV
Redditing is a good use of time. CMV.
I believe that if men could suddenly become pregnant, the abortion debate would disappear overnight (in favor of "free abortion available on demand).
I don't understand why anyone thinks consequentialism makes sense as a model of morality. CMV.
I believe a technocratic government engineered by intellectual elites would be much better than democracy. CMV
[CMV] People focus too much on fighting social justice, and not enough on real issues.
I believe bullfighting is not okay. CMV
CMV. Abortion is wrong
I'm not sure that we should cure all the major diseases, as it will just boost over population. CMV
I believe humans need their rights limited to ensure survival of our species. CMV.
i dont think the Jehovah's witnesses should be considered a cult. CMV
The US should remove regulation that bans that sale and importation of fully automatic firearms to civilians made after 1986. CMV
I believe we the Student Debt issue is one of misinformation, and i agree they should be non-dischargable through Bankruptcy. CMV
I reject the hard-line view that homosexuality is not a choice. CMV
I feel like I'm lying when I don't criticise things. CMV
I've come to worry that the United States cannot be redeemed. CMV
I believe that there is no right to civil marriage. CMV.
[CMV] I believe the reality around me does not exist, and there is no way to prove it does
I think McDonald's is acting well within their rights and if employees have a problem with they pay, they should work toward getting a better job. CMV
TCMV Tuesday - 08/06/13
I believe Parallel Construction violates the constitutional right to a fair trial. CMV.
I think showering daily is a terrible idea and all efforts should be made to reverse this trend where it is common.
I think fathers of unwanted children shouldn't have to pay child support, and should have the right to have the child aborted CMV
I don't believe that McDonald's should be condemned for the salaries workers are receiving - There is a difference between working as a fry cook and finding a career. CMV.
I believe that a pragmatic approach must be taken when approaching political activism and that you are not a hypocrite for championing one cause and ignoring another CMV
I don't think the US spying on foreign people is illegal or unconstitutional and is something that every country tries to do since foreign espionage became a thing. CMV
I think that people who go as tourists to dangerous countries should not be rescued by their home country in case they get kidnapped. CMV
I don't believe in the validity of intellectual property or copyright laws. CMV
I think most vegetarians and vegans are ignorant, and every single concept they have is absolutely stupid. CMV.
[CMV] I think that Men's Rights issues are the result of patriarchy, and the Mens Rights Movement just doesn't understand patriarchy.
I believe there is nothing wrong with killing a person if no one knows they exist and they are killed instantly and painlessly with no awareness of their impending death. CMV
I Believe All Schools Should Follow The "Digital Aristotle" Model CMV
I believe people who buy marijuana, cocaine, or any other illegal drug, are directly funding narco-terrorism in Mexico and should be socially ostracized. CMV.
I don't understand how Republicans and conservatives can actually be serious about their policies. CMV.
I do not believe that being a pedophile is wrong. CMV.
I believe that lawyers fulfill a self-created role in society. CMV
Street Smart and Book Smart are two different types of intelligence. CMV.
I believe that it is wrong, if not disgusting, to have the gall to see others as desperately needing a specific religion. CMV.
A Brave New World convinced me that I shouldn't bring a child into this world. CMV.
I think it is wrong to arrest someone for being racist in the UK, whether online or in public. CMV
I don't consider myself shallow, but would never even consider dating someone I consider fat or ugly - CMV
I believe depression is all in your head and can be overcome on your own. CMV
If you take illegal drugs and get caught, you ought to be held accountable - CMV
It's insulting to me when the LGBT community compares their movement to Dr. King and the civil rights movement. CMV.
I do not think that just because an individual is wealthy that they should pay large sums for child support . CMV
I don't believe that white males are the most favored demographic in the USA, CMV.
I think that mission trips are mainly to spread religion. CMV
I believe Chandra Pyromaster is a really really good card, it has applications in rushdown leaning midrange and keepaway leaning midrange and everyone in the MTG community are sheeps or insane. CMV
CMV about UAVs, aka Drones, on the battlefield.
I believe theism is a crutch that ultimately weakens a religon. CMV.
I think that anyone who is genuinely smart, driven, capable and well connected would not join an MLM. I think MLMs are scams for suckers. CMV
I believe that people should not be alive for such a long time past their retirement, and that voluntary euthanaisa of the aged should be celebrated and honored. CMV.
I believe Seinfeld is the funniest show to ever air. CMV
I believe man and women can't be friends without sexual interest. CMV.
I believe that wanting a seperate country or society for your race or for any grouping type isn't inherently racist. CMV.
I believe that "geeks" and "nerds" are quickly becoming everyday people rather than social outcasts. CMV.
I should quit my job at a top 3 consulting firm and invest in whatever skills necessary to be able to go help people. CMV.
CMV I don't understand why are Transsexuals considered sane and are generally accepted from a medical, legal and social standpoint.
I believe NBA is better then college basketball, CMV.
I believe that the Citizens United US Supreme Court decision was the right one. CMV.
Subseddits with a minimum Karma or age restriction for posting are detrimental to reddit. CMV
I don't think there's anything wrong with gender or relationship roles. CMV
I believe the US is (or is becoming) a corporatocracy. CMV
I think that campaigning for social change is inherently un-democratic. CMV
I think that Eugenics would be beneficial to society and create a far more peaceful world. CMV
I feel that the increasing affordability and market saturation of the 3D printer is going to destroy the manufacturing industry. CMV.
I think buying Reddit merchandise and wearing it in public is weird CMV
People should care what others think of them CMV
"CMV" I think any girl or guy that is within the mid teen boundary that goes "bi" are just doing it for attention.
I think that the social justice movement seen frequently on tumblr/twitter etc. is ridiculous and absurd. CMV.
I believe Wiccans and Neo-Pagans are corrupting old belief systems and thus disrespecting them. CMV
People Should Expect to Be Judged by Their Choice of Clothing CMV
I believe that high heels should be banned in the workplace. CMV.
I think bitcoins are doomed to fail and investing in them is a terrible idea. CMV
Ignoring the UN Human Right Charta is abomination. CMV
I feel that like all art work, you should be able to openly comment on a person's tattoo. CMV
College football is better than the NFL. CMV
I don't believe rich people have truly earned their wealth. I think instead they are a huge drag on society. CMV.
I think that anyone who is currently working and has been promised a pension should be fighting to have that benefit killed. CMV!
I find so called 'New Age' philosophy books such as 'The Power Of Now' by Eckhart Tolle to be insightful and helpful, and I can see no harm in them, nor do I think they can be equated to religion. CMV.
Since it is illegal to drink in public places, it should be also illegal to be drunk or loaded in public places. CMV.
I think the 'culture' around alcohol is extremely toxic and needs to be fixed. CMV
I believe that locally originated, genetically diverse food supplies are ultimately going to be the best solution to ecological and economic questions. CMV.
[CMV] The quality of Apple's products has peaked, is in decline, and will never recover.
I do not believe for-profit media can be objective. CMV.
I feel like we need to start colonizing space within my lifetime to preserve freedom and choice. CMV
Gendered bathrooms should correspond to anatomy, not identity. CMV
I think there is no reason why anabolic steroids should be illegal or banned in professional sports. CMV
I hate Libertarianism CMV
CMV Legally enforced watershed is as bad or worse than an internet porn filter.
I'm anti-abortion because I can't draw the line between goo and person. CMV
I think bullying is a good thing. CMV.
I think my girlfriend is selfish, and it causes some resentment, even though I love her to death. -CMV
I believe that the "free rider problem" posed by organized labor is simply a cost of doing business, and not a legitimate reason for legislative interaction on their behalf. CMV.
Fat people are disgusting, CMV
Gay pride parade does a lot of harm to gays in the public eye, CMV
I believe high schools should use a multi-tier system to stream teenagers into appropriate programs based on intelligence, regardless of the stigma this may cause. CMV
I believe adopting a 'used dog' from a shelter is more often than not a bad idea. CMV
I think the man's opinion should be important before a woman can have an abortion. -CMV
I'm pro-choice, but I think 20 weeks is not an unreasonable limit on abortions. CMV.
I believe that a large portion of people who you could consider racist/possess and vocalize racist thoughts, are actually prejudiced against a culture and not so much a person's genetic makeup. CMV
Protests in the modern day are a waste of time and does not lead to better change. CMV
I believe that the minimum wage, and other government safety nets, should remain in tact and in some cases increased. CMV
I believe that if you are going to change someone's viewpoint, responding with links is extremely lazy, and I'm not giving you a time of day. CMV
Fewer jobs available (e.g. More unemployment) in the world is a good thing and we will prosper once we accept that as fact. CMV.
I believe all interactions between people should be voluntary. CMV
I do not believe that Bestiality, Polygamists, Pedophiles, Necrophiliacs or people pertaining to any other unconventional sexual orientation should be looked down upon by society, so long as they do not commit any criminal offense. CMV.
I believe that basic cheap internet should be free to everyone in the world capable of accessing it, and every effort should be put towards making it accessable to everyone. -CMV
I believe the continuity of consciousness is an illusion. CMV.
It is morally acceptable, and in some cases obligatory, to use human stem cells (adult or embryonic) for purposes other than in-virto fertilization (eg medical therapies) CMV
I don't understand what the big fuss about the NSA is all about, why do people care if the government looks at their stuff? CMV
I believe manned space flight to be a waste of time, resources, and the intellect of our best minds. CMV.
I think all forms of marriage (polygamy, monogamy, homosexual, interracial, etc.) are equally valid and that marriage should not be a government sanctioned action. CMV
I believe that there is nothing that our Government could do, that is worse than the status quo. CMV
I believe that it should be legal for all athletes to use performance enhancing drugs. CMV
I believe that men who share a bathroom with a woman/women should keep the toilet seat down. CMV
I believe that backing up all your data to an online cloud service is a bad idea. CMV
I think the internet has done more good for the musicians than bad - CMV!
I believe it is wrong to push your morals on someone else CMV.
I believe the decision to make Watson a woman in the TV show "Elementary" was out of homophobia; they didn't want the two main characters to be perceived as a gay couple - CMV
The current status of marijuana is beneficial for the system. CMV.
I believe that people should have to re-test for their driver's license as they age and it should be revoked if they can't pass certain criteria. CMV
Hand-jobs are a waste of time. CMV (NSFW?)
I think that watching the news (in particular, stuff like deaths and crime that has no bearing on you or your daily life) is basically watching other people suffer for your own entertainment. CMV
I believe if society were to devolve, it would devolve according the democracy portrayed in Brave New World and not the fascism portrayed in 1984. Democracy is more dangerous than Tyranny. CMV.
I believe America is the greatest country in the history of the world. CMV.
I don't believe that math objectively exists. CMV
Objecting to abortion rights in all cases makes sense. Exceptions for rape and incest don't. CMV.
I believe that if singers don't write their own songs, they should be considered "performers" rather than "musicians" or "artists." CMV
I believe the moral imperative to "respect all cultures" is destructive and cruel. CMV.
I think Obamacare violates a fundamental human right to choose who one enters into contracts with. CMV
I believe that people get enough welfare benefits in America and do not need a bigger safety net. CMV.
Every enlistee in any military who joins 'for the benefits' is both in function and in principle a mercenary. CMV.
I think that ideas are just as valuable as their implementations and people who disagree are creatively prejudiced. CMV.
I believe internet trolling is good for humanity - CMV
I think graverobbing is a victimless crime. CMV
I believe the British Empire was an unequivocal force for good in the world CMV.
I think most people on Reddit are talking out of their ass when they say GM food is perfectly safe. CMV
I believe that laziness is the cause of high unemployment rates. CMV
I believe that we should start implementing knowledge of organized crime and the atrocities they commit into drug education programs. CMV
I don't believe there is any way to justify calls to pardon Bradley Manning and Edward Snowden, CMV
I think, in current conditions, volunteering for military service in the United States is unethical. CMV
I believe Obamacare is a bridge to socialized medicine. CMV
I don't believe anyone is born gay. CMV.
PC gameplay hasn't really evolved in any significant way for a decade. CMV
[META] Limitations of /r/changemyview and the potential for a new, related subreddit
I think that almost all country music is garbage and I can't take it seriously as a genre. CMV
I love meat and think it's just fine and dandy to eat any and all creatures you can stomach. Dare you to CMV
I don't see the problem with musicians lipsyncing. CMV.
I believe US patriotism is cringe worthy and US citizens should get over themselves. CMV
I don't believe that gay bars should boycott stolichnaya CMV
I believe there should be a zero tolerance for drinking and driving. -CMV
I'm uncomfortable with my husband visiting strip clubs. Please CMV.
I don't think fast food workers deserve to be making $15/hour - CMV
I eat a lot of saturated fat and avoid vegetable oil. I think this is healthy. CMV
I don't think that love at first sight is possible. CMV
I don't believe that a father or father figure is essentially necessary to a child's development. Please, CMV.
I believe that regardless of outcome, the Zimmerman case is irrelevant to American politics. CMV.
I believe that the US restricting our freedoms for "national security" is actually threatening our security. CMV
CMV Infanticide should be legal
I would like to get a cat, but my husband does not. Please either CMV or change his!
I believe all drugs should be legalized. -CMV
I believe that highway speed limits should be removed and replaced with a very strong enforcement of anti- tailgating laws. CMV.
In principle, I am not against the death penalty. CMV.
Ethical vegetarians are hypocrites if they still consume dairy/eggs/non-meat animal products. CMV
I believe the speed limit on roads should be adhered to as much as possible, and deliberately disregarding it is inexcusable. CMV.
I believe that it would be a great idea to require at least one medic per team on every police force, CMV
I believe that MLB should have stricter punishments for players caught using PED's. CMV.
The House is voting to de-fund PPACA/ObamaCare for the 40th time. I think this is a waste of time. CMV.
[Mod Post] CMV is doing an AMA!
"Domestic Discipline" is just a guise for an abusive relationship. CMV.
Explain to me why 3D TV technology is not failing and is indeed the future of entertainment. CMV.
The current world state is hopeless enough to make me go to therapy. CMV
I smoke American Spirit cigarettes, but consider them not harmful like other cigarettes. Please CMV
I think Canadian Bacon is better than regular Bacon. CMV!
TCMV Tuesday - 07/30/13
Electing a third party candidate for President would be a waste because of their outsider status and they would be roadblocked and unable to accomplish any goals. CMV
I think that pitching in baseball (inc. at NBL level) is more luck than skill. CMV
Making a new top level comment on popular threads (&gt; ~300 comments) is currently useless. The reddit commenting system needs to be overhauled. CMV.
I'm uncomfortable with the idea of my boyfriend watching porn. Please CMV.
I think having children is a terrible thing in an overpopulated world, there is also nothing enjoyable about having a child CMV
I believe that large dogs are dangerous, regardless of their past behavior or how well trained they are. CMV
The Bible cannot have been intended to be understood literally. CMVp.
Feminism does not exist. CMV
I believe that the quality of a piece of music is subjective, depends only on the listener and therefore doesn't exist. CMV
I think minimum wage should be based on the local cost of living CMV
I believe that the issue of abortion is in no way a women's rights issue, CMV.
I think movie theaters (and other events) should be able to charge whatever they want for concessions, and prevent you from taking in outside food. CMV
I work hard for the income I earn, and shouldn't have to give a higher percentage of it simply because I have more of it. CMV
I don't need to get a damn job. CMV
I don't think the NSA spying on us is such a big deal. CMV
I've been raised to believe Republicans care more for money than social progress, and more for their own welfare than that of the world. CMV
I believe that effective gun control may be possible, but that we're going about it the wrong way. Please CMV
I think the Iphone 5 is better than the Samsung Galaxy S4. CMV please
Steve Jobs is not an innovator but a thief and does not deserve his recognition as a "genius". CMV
I believe Americans who claim they don't vote due to the low probability of their vote being the deciding vote are irrational and selfish. CMV.
Zimmerman did nothing wrong. CMV.
I think Walmart is really bad for the United States as a whole. CMV.
I think the 'c-word' is hyper-sensitized and shouldn't be as offensive as it is in America. CMV
I want to have casual sex on craigslist. CMV.
I am more and more starting to believe that being a weeaboo (someone who is obsessed with Japan/Japanese culture) should be seriously looked at as a mental illness. CMV
I believe that lane bullies in League of Legends are inherently either overpowered or underpowered and are bad game design. CMV.
I'm anti-abortion because there are no physiologically differences between a one-second old baby, and a fetus one second before being born. Why does the former have human rights, and not the latter? CMV.
I don't think birthdays are important. CMV
I think the most abstract of modern/postmodern art is more commercial than meaningful. CMV
I don't believe that people with mental disorders are more creative or intelligent than healthy minds. CMV
I feel like Youtube is fooling people into thinking they can "do anything", which is making for some pretty terrible, low effort content reaching the top of the charts. New ideas are getting snuffed out because of it. CMV.
[Title vague to avoid spoilers - do not read unless you have read or watched the subject matter to avoid spoilers] I do not subscribe to a current popular theory in the Song of Ice and Fire books/Game of Thrones show, one that is nearly universally believed by true fans of either or both. CMV
i thick Machiavelli had it right and that the best form of government is a confederation of democratic cities. CMV.
I think the United States needs a bigger federal government. CMV
My fiance is Canadian, but I am American. I believe that we will be happier moving to the US because of lower taxes, significantly cheaper cost of living, and having more freedoms and rights. CMV!
I think asexuality is a fad. CMV.
I have a feeling that any Palestinian state that comes into existence will be a total craphole and still be agitating to conquer Israel. CMV
I believe movies on imdb with more than 20 - 30 years should not be open for rating, CMV
I believe that pronouncing judgment on the NSA and PRISM is misguided. CMV
I think the Batman in "Justice League" is the best Batman in TV or film. CMV!
I Firmly Believe Online Dating is like "Giving Up" in the Real World and the Only Women on There are Either Conventionally Unattractive or, if They Are Attractive, Have Some Sort of Personality Flaw. CMV.
I don't believe that the porn ban in the UK is a bad thing. CMV.
I believe that masturbation for anyone with an active sexual partner is completely unnecessary and overall disadvantageous. CMV.
I think eating vegetables is a waste of time. You can get the fiber by eating a tbl spoon of chia seeds and vitamins / minerals from caps. Please CMV.
I believe that by moving to the US, I am giving up most of my freedoms enjoyed in the UK, and significantly lowering my standard of living, CMV!
There is more bad happening in the world right now than good CMV
I think all chinese people look the same. Also a lot of black people. It's not racist. CMV
I believe that people who identify as trans are mentally ill, suffering from delusions, and should not be humored. CMV?
I think self-harm is a good thing. CMV
Trolling CMV is like admitting you're the kind of troll who wants to skip the fun and go right to being called out, meaning those who do are the most immature of all trolls; Please CMV.
I don't believe that TeX (like LaTeX) is a useful typesetting tool for humanities disciplines and that the time it would take to learn how to effectively use it is not worth the benefits of using it. CMV
I think that many charities are wasteful, counter-productive, and a way for corporations to get out of paying tax while improving their image, while the population is tricked into believing that all is well. CMV.
I believe that women naturally are only attracted to a man's looks, and other factors such as wealth and social status are just societal influences that do not reflect their instincts. CMV
I believe that Feminism and the Civil Rights Movement were directly responsible for the decrease in union power and real wages as compared to those that existed in the '50s CMV.
I believe that CEO's, ESPECIALLY self-made entrepreneurs, have a right to take as much money as they want from the company they created. I believe that if they wanted to pay their employees $1/hr, that's their choice and the choice of the employee to accept. CMV.
I feel I should delete my facebook before I start college in a few weeks CMV
I dont believe Bieber will fall from grace. CMV
I believe that the ability to downvote on reddit is useless, and an upvote only system would work better. CMV
I believe the punishment and social stigma attached to rape is disproportionate to the actual harm it causes. CMV
I feel like there's no point to voting in America for a 'popular vote' since the only vote that seems to count is the electoral college. CMV.
I believe agnosticism is the most intelligent position to "believe" on the religion/atheism spectrum CMV
I believe that, if pulling over vehicles based on the race of the driver is profiling, so is charging more for insurance based on gender. CMV
I do not believe marijuana should be legalized because I am fearful of the alternatives for adolescents CMV
Constant economic growth is not sustainable in the long term, at least in our planet's closed system. CMV.
I don't see sex as morally good, just hedonistic. CMV
I think Dark Souls is the best game ever made and I cant really enjoy any other new games. Please CMV
I don't think the Hindenburg Disaster was that bad because it was a Nazi airship. CMV.
the singularity will occur within the lifespan of an average first world 20-something, and that they would be beneficiaries of the transformative movement [CMV]
I don't think that we should feel bad for people that self-harm. CMV?
I believe that 'life' is virtually indistinguishable from all matter. CMV
I think that if you like content made by someone, you should pay for it. CMV
I believe that the NSA does more harm for America than good. CMV
Amassing Wealth is Theft: CMV
The empowerment of women is the most essential step in alleviating poverty in the developing world. CMV.
I believe music is the highest form of art. CMV
I believe it is immoral for parents to block their children from accessing pornography after they reach puberty. CMV
There is no other life in our universe other than life on Earth. CMV
I believe we like movies like the Hunger Games because we are just as evil in the same way as the people in that Universe that watch the Hunger Games. CMV.
I think that having fish for pets is ridiculous CMV.
I believe that Roman Polanski should be vilified and hated for the child-raping piece of garbage he is and not rewarded and beloved just because he makes decent movies. CMV
I think that people who hit their children as "punishment" are sadistic and uneducated.CMV
I find dancing, in any possible form, absolutely ridiculous and pointless CMV
I believe the solution to solving our "economic crisis" is simply to tax the wealthy much more than we do now, CMV.
I don't think downloading songs for free which I wouldn't have bought otherwise hurts artists financially. CMV.
I think all congress members should have term limits. CMV!
I believe Woody Allen and Barbara Streisand are completely and unjustifiably overrated. CMV
I believe that HOAs (Homeowners' Associations) decrease property values by scaring away potential home buyers. CMV
I think the EU subsidizing agriculture is against public good and having less of the land exploited by agriculture would be better. CMV.
My opinion is that my country (Norway) shouldn't join the EU, and that a membership would only make things worse for us. CMV
I'm a student on a budget, and I think renter's insurance is a waste of money, CMV
I think the Internet brought the current crop of restrictive laws on itself. CMV.
I don't believe that people with untreated bipolar disorder should be able to date. CMV
There is nothing wrong with the collection of information by the government.
I think that population control is justifiable. CMV
I believe using an individual's race to determine anything about them is not only immoral, but is not beneficial in any way. CMV.
I think that the sterilization of people who are too mentally deficient to take care of themselves is ok, CMV
I think the discrepancies between races are not caused by social bias, but the races themselves. Please CMV.
Christians eating halal, is it wrong? I don't think so...CMV
Coca eradication, as implemented so far, is not a good policy. CMV.
Trans people are suffering from a delusion, and should not be indulged or taken seriously CMV
I think those "In loving memory of..." car decals are tacky and tasteless, and people who put them on their cars are usually just looking for attention and sympathy, however forced it may be. CMV
I think referring to large numbers of black people as the "black community" is racist. CMV
I don´t think Snowden shouldn´t be punished. CMV
Shaking hands is unnecessary/unhygienic and should not be a standard social procedure. CMV
I believe it is ridiculous when people refuse to give constructive criticism. CMV
I believe contracting to paramilitary groups like Blackwater is wrong and should be illegal. CMV.
I believe current copyright law is detrimental to society CMV
Legal, consensual sex scandals cause disproportionate damage to political leaders careers. CMV
Earth is too environmentally damaged for me to have children. It's wrong to subject children to this planet as it becomes poisoned. Since overpopulation causes environmental problems, it's irresponsible to create more people who will pollute and strain Earth's dwindling resources. CMV.
I think that modern country music is a disgrace to it's once iconic name and is now worse than modern pop music; CMV.
I think it's ridiculous for a grown adult to cry because they didn't win a sports match, even if they are a professional sportsperson. CMV.
I believe that Hockey should be the most popular of the big 4 here in America. CMV
I think women who wear revealing clothing increase their risk for rape CMV (PS: I am NOT advocating rape, please read content)
I believe that minimum wage is ineffective in application and should be taken out of practice. CMV
I don't think foods should be called superfoods. CMV.
I think one person making all the income in a relationship is wrong. CMV.
I think that mechanical robots that are supposed to look and act like humans, will never become reality with electronics that are currently used CMV
I believe Andrew Jackson was justified in enacting the Trail of Tears CMV
Hans Zimmer fell off. CMV.
[Mod Post] Looking for wiki contributers
Get Out the Vote drives are bad for democracy. CMV
I'm a liberal who is disgusted with the liberal outrage over the George Zimmerman verdict. CMV.
I don't consider poverty to, on average, be a choice. CMV
I believe that buying a used game is - in most situations - more morally objectionable that pirating that game - Please CMV
I think incest is not as big deal as society thinks it is. CMV
Giving cash to panhandlers is an unwise practice. CMV
I believe that the university model of education is outdated and inferior to a thourogh and practical college program. CMV
I believe that it is extremely, extremely, extremely unjust for the media to follow a court case, provide a perspective on it, and show the face of the person on trial. Please somehow CMV.
I believe I have found the best macro ever; cmv
I believe that people in polygamous relationships cannot actually love each other. CMV
I think Transvestite (specifically not transsexuals) weaken the LGBTQ community's goals CMV.
I believe that the US should never supply weapons to a war they are not directly involved in, only medical or similar supplies. CMV.
I believe that Canada's policy of multiculturalism (as well as other countries' similar policies) is absurd. CMV
I think John Williams is an excellent composer who deserves the success and awards he's received, and people who look down on "cinematic" music are elitist pricks. CMV.
I think that abortion is morally wrong when the sex that created it was consensual. CMV.
I believe that subreddits like r/MensRights and r/WhiteRights, do more harm to reddit than they are worth. [CMV]
I believe that the phrase "Don't judge others" is essentially meaningless because judging is an unavoidable part of choosing your friends . CMV.
I believe that any argument for abortion that does not deny the humanity of the fetus is also, necessarily, a good argument against gun control CMV.
I believe romances in chat rooms and virtual worlds, when the person behind the screen is taken, are infidelity. CMV.
I think Pulp Fiction was a bad movie. CMV?
I believe criminals with offensive tattoos should have them filled-in/removed in prison, CMV.
I believe diversity for diversity's sake in the workplace and hiring practices is wrong. CMV.
i think that the united states constitution should be scraped and re-written. cmv
I believe the death penalty is appropriate. CMV.
I think that democracy is not suitable for some countries CMV.
If a perfect digital copy of myself exists in a simulation and can exactly do everything and experience everything that I would in real life then there is no fundamental difference between myself and that simulated copy of myself? CMV
I believe that all "royalty" are just an artificially inflated upper class that should not be revered or respected. CMV
I believe that after QE has ceased, government student loans should be pegged to the rate of USD inflation and that higher educational facilities should only accept loans from a student that are provided by one financial institution at a time. CMV
I believe women who consciously position themselves in a vulnerable situation bare some responsibility if they were assaulted. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 07/23/13
I think that Edward Snowden is a traitor. CMV.
I think that it's absolutely unjustifiably wrong to download anything illegally. CMV
For the first time in my life, I agree with Bill O'Reilly. Please CMV.
I thought the movie Pacific Rim was terrible, CMV
[CMV] I believe the international fixation with the Israel/Palestine conflict is the result of anti-Semitism/Jew obsession rather than genuine concern for Palestinians.
I don't believe filibustering should be allowed in any governmental body, CMV.
CMV - Literacy is desirable
I believe that, on average, a college education is a worthwhile investment. CMV!
I believe that the trading of digital goods should not be allowed as it would have negative effects on their respective industries. CMV
I believe that the ISP-level porn filters the UK will be implementing are not even going to protect children any more than normal home-level filters. In fact, they could be much worse. CMV
I believe that the only way to end world hunger is to allow those suffering to starve. CMV.
I don't think that the advances in smart phones and social media a good thing for humans as a race. CMV
I believe voting should be obligated. CMV
I believe that a mandatory minimum wage hurts workers, helps employers, and is a major cause of wage stagnation of unskilled labor in the United States. CMV
I believe that if Jesus Christ truly existed, Martin Luther King Jr. was the reincarnation of him. CMV
Liberals that argue that the NSA programs violate our 4th Amendment rights are guilty of the same modernized interpretation of the Constitution as those they criticize for using the 2nd Amendment to justify handgun possession of using. CMV
I think that Dark Side Of The Moon, by Pink Floyd is a mediocre album at best, and doesn't deserve half of the praise it gets. CMV
The Israel/Palestine conflict is no different from any other, and it sucks for the Palestinians but they lost. CMV
I believe the courting process should be eliminated entirely from sex, CMV.
I believe that single sex high school education should be the norm, CMV.
I believe that the Gay and Bi movements contradict Transexuality and other Gender/Sex movements. CMV
CMV- Rap is generally bad
I believe that a woman who has gone through an abortion(s) cannot justifiably be anti-choice. CMV!
I think the practice of "Sungazing", looking into the sun for several minutes to receive sustenance, is ridiculous and damaging. CMV.
I think I'd be better off living in a different first world country other than America. CMV
I believe that Affirmative Action should only be implemented for one generation for each family. CMV
I believe that online pornography should be an 'opt in' procedure by default. CMV.
I believe that people who travel to war-torn and oppressed areas have no right to act surprised when bad things happen to them - CMV
I don't think Johnny Cash's version of Hurt is realy all that great. CMV.
Bird-watching looks like a very boring hobby to me. CMV
I believe that short of genocide, there is no solution to the Palestinian-Israeli conflict, CMV.
I believe racial profiling works. CMV
I believe mainstream media should not defend political government parties but instead, it should defend the people. CMV
I believe iPhones are crap. CMV.
I believe that AI can never be alive CMV
I don't think anyone deserves to be respected until it's earned. CMV
I beleive inmates should pay bills. Rent/Food/Medical CMV
I don't think voter apathy is wrong at all CMV
I believe that the actions of Palestinian terrorists are essential to the peace process. Please CMV
I think the pro-choice argument that women have the right to their own body is fallicious CMV.
Revenge and retribution or any variation of this concept should not be considered with regard to criminal justice. CMV.
I think the concept of everyone getting a job and making money is fucked up and restricts our lives more than we think. CMV
Support of government is the support of violence. CMV
I consider Metal the most overrated genre of music out there. CMV.
I don't think that people who view child porn are responsible for the harm caused by the sexual abuse of the children in the images. CMV
I think Al Pacino is an overrated actor who only ever seems to play Al Pacino in films. CMV
I believe that punishment should be based on the action taken alone, and the consequences should have absolutely no bearing on it. CMV.
I believe that affirmative action is a good thing for the US. CMV
I find those who actively criticize lifestyle choices uneducated CMV
There should be a ban on advertisement for cars - except compact, green and self-driven cars - just like cigarettes. CMV.
I believe that men forced into vaginal sex (etc.) are rape victims, contrary to what the CDC and many legal systems state. CMV.
I really don't understand why putting the Boston Bomber on the front page of Rolling Stone is such a big deal CMV
I believe Those who make a huge deal out of their pets dying are just weak people. CMV
I believe that people who are offended by "bad" words are the people who give the words the power to be "bad" CMV
I think STEM majors are more valuable to society than humanities. CMV
I don't think cannibalism is that big of a deal. CMV.
A friend of mine wants to go back to university to study petroleum engineering at the age of 26 after having worked all his life in marketing. I think its stupid. CMV.
I think that good sunglasses are overpriced CMV
The clearly inefficient Federal government processes must be that way for a reason CMV
I think the academic elitist views of engineering and other STEM fields in undergrad are justified. Please CMV
I believe the Supreme Court Justices decide cases based on how they feel then use the Constitution to justify it, versus trying to determine what the Constitution says about an issue. CMV
I think sex between a teenager and older person is no different than sex between teenagers. CMV
"Large" dating age gaps between teenagers (for example, 3 years) is shallow, "slutty" and desperate, and I can't help looking down on people who take part in them. CMV
I believe that the use of the word "they" to refer to a singular, gender-neutral person is awkward, uncommon, and improper grammar, regardless of the dictates of the LGBT movement. CMV.
I believe being a paparazzi is the lowest of any profession with people working in these fields having zero dignity. CMV
I cannot see any reason for the "T" in the LGBT movement. CMV
I am inclined to believe that life most likely did not originate due to hydrothermal vents deep in the ocean floor.
I believe that all narcotics should be regulated similar to prescription medicines and that "the war against drugs" should shift to "the war to prevent new addicts" CMV
I believe brostep ruined any credibility electronic music had. CMV.
I think that if firemen die putting out a fire started by an arsonist, their deaths should be viewed as manslaughter and not murder. CMV.
I believe we should remove default subreddits and change the front to r/all (except for NSFW subs). CMV
I believe that we all inhabit our own realities based on our attributes and experiences. CMV
I don't think that there is anything wrong with childhood beauty pageants. CMV
I Believe That When Technology Permits Artificial Intelligences Should Govern The Earth, CMV
Grass-fed beef is a scam. CMV.
I believe the NSA will blackmail enough politicians to get the Patriot Act renewed in 2015. Somebody please CMV.
I find assimilation into the Borg more enticing than membership in the Federation. CMV.
Higher education now ironically counterproductive for society CMV
I believe that the "Cops are Pigs" and "F*CK the Police" movements are simply gross examples of white privilege. CMV
I think straight people do not belong in gay bars. CMV
I download non-nude pictures of my female friends on facebook, and pleasure myself to them. I think there is nothing wrong with this. CMV
I think it is morally reprehensible to bring a handicapped or physically/mentally deformed child into the world. CMV
I believe the culture surrounding Marijuana is shallow and juvenile, and should not be allowed to spread - CMV.
I believe vaccination should not be a choice. CMV
I think going to live concerts is an inherently inferior experience than listening to the album CMV
I just learned of the US Pirate Party, and I think it's great. CMV
I don't think the Rolling Stone cover showing the Boston Bomber is offensive. CMV
The Holocaust was terrible, but it does not deserve the emphasis and attention it gets compared to other genocides and tragedies CMV
I believe that drug addiction should not be seen as a disease, but as a choice to start the drug, and therefore should not receive sympathy or medical help Cmv
I believe the collectivist culture instilled in most Asian countries is an inferior mindset compared to the individualism ideals of most of the western world. CMV
I think that all religions are merely theories. CMV
Elizabeth Warren is just like every other politician vying for a Presidential bid(i.e. says the right thing until elected president, then does wrong). CMV
I immediately discredit “conspiracy theorists” viewpoints regardless of how valid their ideas might seem on the surface. CMV.
I believe individuals with strong religious beliefs do not belong in the medical field. CMV
I believe Nuclear Weapons make for a safer world. CMV.
People with strong political convictions who engage in discussions on the internet are actively looking for a fight. These people shouldn't be taken seriously and it's better to lack strong ideological convictions. CMV.
I believe that District Attorneys should not be allowed to prosecute in cases involving against police or anyone affiliated with police. CMV
People should not break up fights unless one of the fighters explicitly states that they don't want to be fighting. CMV
I think that most people who identify as pansexuals are just bisexuals looking for attention, CMV
I think we are much too accepting of women hitting men. CMV
I believe the social contract is a system of slavery. CMV
I believe if "ignorance of the law is no excuse," then the insanity defense does not hold water and should be disallowed. CMV
I don't think the SAT measures intelligence - CMV
I think that fiscal conservatism and libertarianism are morally unjustifiable. CMV.
I am firm believer of 'an eye for an eye' in most walks of life. CMV
I think that if studies show that 50% or more of violent offenders reoffend, then all offender should be imprisoned for life. CMV.
Women are the inferior gender. CMV
I am simply not able to perceive Microsoft from a Neutral stand point anymore. CMV
[Mod Post] New readers from bestof, welcome! And regarding controversial opinion threads...
I believe a masculine-feminine relationship is the only effective relationship (not homophobic): CMV
I think that knitting is more challenging, more useful, and more customize-able than crochet. CMV
I Think that "Child's Play" Charity is a Waste of Money. CMV
I think handicapped parking shouldn't be mandatory, CMV.
I dont think addicts should get as much sympathy as they do. CMV.
I think the abortion debate focuses too much on women's rights, and not enough on fetal rights CMV
I do not believe that rescuing animals that may die due to natural causes is a good idea. CMV.
I believe that people found guilty of premeditated violent life-altering crimes (rape, murder, kidnapping, etc.) should be imprisoned for life. No parole. CMV.
I believe that Occupy Wall Street was incredibly stupid, poorly organized, and a massive waste of time for all those involved. CMV
I believe we should be governed by scientists, CMV
Working for the Public Sector is MUCH better than the Private Sector CMV
I believe that force is a better method than negotiation when countries have disputes. CMV
I believe pluralism should not be imposed on others. CMV
People should be held responsible for malware activity conducted using their computers if it occurs due to their negligence. Most would learn to use computers better, and even setting that aside, society would be better off if the few that are truly incapable of learning do not use one at all. CMV
I believe White People are stepping out of their line, CMV
I don't believe anarchism is an option. This is my political compass.
I believe sexual orientation is a choice.
Star Trek is substantially superior to Star Wars. CMV
I believe it is disgusting that courtroom proceedings can be televised CMV
I believe American society is wrong to think that people are ruining their image by drinking and partying. CMV
Why isn't Wonder Woman sexist?
Road-rage doesn't exist, CMV.
I believe that rap music and the culture surrounding it is barbarious and detrimental to western civilization. CMV.
I think that Classical Music composers are made more through money, than talent. CMV
I think increases to minimum wage would INCREASE profits for low margin businesses. CMV.
In relation to gun control, I believe since American has no realistic chance to get rid of all guns, the only way to increase public safety is to increase the amount of guns. CMV
I think the Rolling Stone's article and cover story on Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is a good idea, and more than that, socially responsible. CMV.
I believe Maleficent from Sleeping Beauty is the greatest Disney villain of all time. CMV.
I am a compatibilist in the free will debate. This means that I believe in universal determinism and free will simultaneously. In fact, I believe determinism is necessary for free will. CMV.
Baby Boomers subverting the younger generations CMV
The minimum wage does not need to be raised. CMV
I believe scientific studies in which participants are required to complete a survey are too risky to have their results taken seriously. CMV
"Fuck the troops." CMV.
I think that being moderately rich ($10s of Millions) would tend to lead to more happiness than being middle class, CMV?
Edward Snowden's leaks regarding the NSA spying revelation was a courageous act. CMV
I think ecstasy should be legalized in America CMV
I think suggesting to wear "respectable" clothing is very good advice to young black men and pretty women. CMV.
Overpopulation does not exist and any attempts to curb it are immoral and futile. CMV
I think Trayvon Martin's death was racially motivated CMV
I think America's greatest days are behind her because of demographics and a crushing budget deficit CMV
I believe GoneWild Plus is wrong because it tells women that it's okay to be fat and unhealthy, and that GoldWild Curvy is just a place for fat women who can't accept that they're overweight. CMV.
I think trickle-down economics could never work - CMV
I believe that those arguing against national income disparity without supporting international redistribution are somewhat hypocritical. CMV.
I have contempt for adults who regularly play video games. CMV
I believe the U.S. federal minimum wage should be set at $50 per hour. CMV.
I am of the opinion that the minimum wage is a harmful element to the workforce. Please CMV
I believe that people are generally trash and they deserve to be treated as such. CMV.
Humans should be allowed to live up to a maximum age of around 65, and then euthanized for the benefit of society. CMV
I believe most people don't make an effort to educate themselves, and I don't think keeping up with your education is a difficult thing to do; please CMV.
I think that the death of Travyon Martin is indicative of how people in the USA view violence and security and it must be analysed and debated. CMV.
I believe that further extension of human longevity through the advancement of medicine is detrimental to the human race. CMV.
I believe that most people's lifestyles, including my own, are indulgent to the point that they are not at all sustainable, and that we need to make radical changes in order to secure the future of our social and economic practices. CMV.
I believe that in discussions about feminism there are times when a males opinion can be just as valid as a females. CMV.
I think that the guys over at r/bigdickproblems are very proud of their cocks. CMV (NSFW)
I'm disgusted by the African-American community response to the Zimmerman verdict/trial. CMV
I believe that black people have no right to protest the Travon Martin Verdict.CMV.
I think electric cars, at present, do more to make their owners feel good about themselves than actually solve any energy problems. CMV
I believe George Zimmerman would have been found guilty of 3rd degree murder had Trayvon been white.
I think that the traditional "point-value" grading system stifles college students, particularly in writing classes. CMV
I believe that Halal and Kosher slaughter, when done in a proper manner, is just as humane or more humane than bolt slaughter, CMV.
I don't believe that we should detain adults unless we have reason to suspect that they have in the past, or will in the future harm unconsenting others. CMV
I believe that a properly regulated market provides a superior benefit to society than a free unregulated market. CMV
I do not think that experts actually believe in Man Made global warming. CMV
I believe that everyone's actions are predetermined and so that ideas like meritocracy are redundant, CMV.
I don't think "slut shaming" is entirely bad. I internally judge members of both sexes that have too many sexual partners. CMV
I think proportional representation is inferior to single member districts. CMV
It seems like stand your ground laws allow you to provoke someone into attacking you and then shoot them with no legal repercussions. Please CMV
I think suicide is a good way out, CMV
I am addicted to video games (such as Dota2, League of Legends, and Heroes of Newerth), and I don't think it's a waste of my time. CMV
The Travyon Martin Protesters Don't Even Articulate What They are Protesting. CMV.
I feel that the "No True Scotsman" fallacy is over-accused and often not applicable to the situations in which people invoke it, and in is fact often used fallaciously itself. CMV
I believe most charities are a waste of resources and the people who benefit from them are actually worse off. CMV
I believe that people who die should be dead CMV
I believe Laissez-Faire Capitalism is the ideal economic system, is achievable, and would not lead to out of control monopolies. CMV.
I have started to believe that we should not get worked up about the use of performance-enhancing drugs in sports, and accept it as the new reality. CMV.
The Media are the true cause of any serious injuries resulting in the Martin/Zimmerman aftermath. CMV
I believe that eugenics is a positive thing (provided that it's heavily monitored) CMV
I think Radiohead sucks. CMV.
Nothing is unnatural. CMV
I'm a staunch pacifist. CMV
I don't think that the Zimmerman case should be anyone's business but that of the Zimmerman and Martin families, the jury, and the legal professionals in the courtroom, and the media should be ashamed of themselves for sensationalizing it. CMV.
I believe that the negative repercussions entailed by any organized religion outweigh anything one could possibly hope to gain from it. CMV
I assume that straight men are as acutely attracted to most women as I am, and that women are aware of this fact despite the fact that we try really hard to hide it. CMV
I don't think the Trayvon Martin case was racist at all. CMV
I don't believe Obama should have been involved in the Trayvon Martin/Zimmerman case. CMV.
[META] How to make a good argument
[META] Congratulations everybody of 50,000 subscribers.
I believe that, though climate change exists, it is NOT caused by humans. CMV
I believe that ideas of beauty are holding people and society in general back, and that beauty should be valued as little as possible. CMV.
I don't think intelligence should be valued more than beauty.CMV
I think there is a strong moral argument that it's OK to kill and eat animals, as long as you hunt them explicitly for eating/clothes/tools and the hunting is kept sustainable. CMV
I believe the "two-party" system in America isn't working. CMV.
Data privacy should be for everyone, not just privileged Internet users. CMV.
[Meta] This subreddit has too many meta posts, also on the Zimmerman trial
I think Redditors dislike Starbucks coffee because it's expensive and they don't try different roasts. CMV
I think the Zimmerman verdict may have been justified. CMV.
[CMV] I believe most of the people complaining about the Zimmerman case are just hopping on the bandwagon.
Abortion: I don't believe you can harm someone by failing to cause them to exist CMV.
There are no defensible arguments for the existence of a god. CMV
I believe that "grammar nazis" are limiting the development and evolution of Language. CMV
I believe that alternative meds are under too much flack from medical practitioners. CMV
I believe that ethics is holding back scientific innovation and progress. CMV.
I believe that "justice" just for the sake of it is bad for society. Subreddits like "justiceporn" tap into a part of human nature that kind of scares me. CMV
I believe that taking photographs of strangers in a public place is not immoral. CMV
I don't think that the government should backstop or subsidize detached, single-unit housing. CMV.
I believe, as a man, that the desire for a relationship is an illusion based on underlying vulnerabilities, and social pressure. CMV
Free verse is destroying poetry as an art form. CMV.
I believe George Zimmerman was right to be found Not Guilty....CMV
I believe the idea of undocumented immigrants being "illegal" is racist and using the term "illegal" is wrong. CMV
I don't think there is anything worth dying for. CMV
I don't think people have free will. CMV.
I believe that "piracy" shouldn't be illegal and that, furthermore, company and artist who can't adapt their business models should be left to die (economically). CMV.
I believe that, contrary to what news agencies make it out to be, the Zimmerman trial is really not that big of a deal. CMV
I believe girls with Big Breasts complain too much CMV
I think an employer should be allowed to discriminate and not hire someone based on their race, sex, or beliefs. CMV
I believe that homosexuality is an abnormality. CMV
I believe Justin Carter deserves the maximum sentence for terroristic threats CMV.
I think that people who post on this forum about controversial views against the grain are the most honorable ones of all. CMV
I think that America must change it's society. CMV.
I am a Black Man who Believes Conservatism is inherently Racist towards African Americans by philosophy CMV
I think there's no disease that isn't curable. CMV.
I think that transgender people who don't disclose to their partners that they weren't always a man/woman are guilty of rape by deception. CMV
I think land ownership is preposterous. You didn't put the ground there, how can you own it? CMV
I believe human rights are a lie. CMV
I believe that tipping doesn't create better service and it's a silly practice that shouldn't be practiced in the US
Cars are impractical, unhealthy, and have played a huge roll in many of the problems of the U.S. CMV.
I think I may be transphobic. Please CMV.
I feel like most businesses are cut-throat and greedy and I don't want anything to do with that CMV
I believe that effective governance is impossible in a country as large as America, CMV
I am an antinatalist. (i.e. I believe that having children is unethical.) CMV
I feel that if you had no control over something, you shouldn't have pride when it comes to that subject. CMV.
I believe toll roads are bad and just another tax for what our government should already be providing.
I believe that 'it's illegal' isn't (alone) a good enough reason to avoid doing something. CMV!
I'm considering unsubing from CMV, CMV.
The Reddit pro-choice crowd is completely disrespectful and rude, and this stifles any meaningful debate on the fundamentals of abortion legality. CMV.
I think popular atheists who are scientists are terrible philosophers. CMV
I believe that the US education system would be more effective if students were allowed to progress through the "grades" as soon as they demonstrated mastery of the course material, instead of the current system in which curricula are forced into year-long chunks. CMV
Psychopathy/Antisocial Personality Disorder/Dissocial Personality Disorder is the most stigmatized mental illnesses in western society. CMV
I think it is hypocritical to take advantage of technological advances made possible by science but then dismiss science when it does not support your religious beliefs. CMV
I don't believe in god, CMV.
I think trayvon martin and all his supporters should **** off. CMV
I believe that suicide should not be frowned over and friends and family accept it positively. CMV
I don't think Creationism should be taught at all, and even home schooled children (such as I was) should have to learn about the Big Bang Theory and the evolutionary process to get credit for taking science. CMV.
The Xbox One will revolutionize home security so much that the law and order crowd will throw open their doors to big brothers intelligence gathering. CMV
I believe that we pay politicians an absurdly small amount of money and by doing so it creates the very thing it intended to stop. CMV
I believe glamour models and fashion magazines do not celebrate women or their freedoms, just objectify them further. CMV.
I believe that police officers are not 'civilians', and this paradigm is the root of corruption and abuse of power. CMV
Muslim Terrorists are Wholly Righteous, CMV
I believe that members of the CMV community are largely reluctant or afraid to post their liberal views on CMV. CMV.
I believe allowing unrelated topics to be part of the same bill is damaging to the legislative process. CMV
I believe that the jury in the Zimmerman trial should rule for manslaughter as it will result in fewer riots. CMV.
Tech companies have no inherent incentives to give user info to the NSA, and they were most likely coerced by the government to hand over their data. CMV.
I believe female rappers are terrible and should leave it to the men. CMV.
I think mass investment in full reserve government bonds is superior to our current fractional reserve banking system. CMV
CMV that sex is inherently damaging to those in non-exclusive relationships.
I don't believe monosodium glutamate (MSG) is harmful. CMV.
I believe ufos are really aliens on earth CMV
I believe manual transmission cars should be made mandatory, as they would make roads safer by creating more focused and skilled drivers. CMV
I Think Social Programs like Welfare are detrimental to our society because they don't give people incentive to work harder. CMV
I see little value in majoring in science/mathematics as compared to other fields of study. CMV
I believe the societies we have today are bad from an evolutionary perspective. CMV
I believe tobacco products should be outlawed, starting today. CMV
I believe a license should be necessary to own a gun. CMV
I believe that Reddit will eventually be compromised and its mechanics will be used as a propaganda machine, CMV
I believe "judging a book by its cover" is a correct philosophy, and i actively use it day to day, CMV.
I think 'Objectives' on resumés are pointless, CMV
I believe "we have to teach to the test" is a lame excuse used by bad teachers. CMV
Life is meaningless and pointless. We just live on this planet waiting for our time to die, because 2 selfish people decided to forcibly bring you into this world. CMV.
I believe it should be illegal to disqualify a job seeker based on a credit check considering the current economic climate. CMV.
I believe it isn't acceptable for animals to suffer so that we can eat meat. Not unless you have to eat meat to survive. CMV.
I don't think transgenderism should exist in a post-sexist society - CMV.
I think we should solve the "energy crisis" by diverting resources from other "green" projects to research of advanced and new types of nuclear reactors. CMV
I think the uproar over Gitmo force feeding is a stupid, unexamined, neo-liberal circlejerk. CMV
I believe CMV is one of the most important subreddits and communities on Reddit; please CMV.
I believe that democratic government control of an industry should be dictated by practicality since government is simply a representation of the people. CMV
I believe too many people are going to college nowadays, and the idea that everyone should go to college is preposterous and bad for society, CMV
I believe that kids who are bullied are partially to blame for the bullying and all this new attention placed on "anti-bullying" is a little too much. CMV
I believe the legal driving age should be raised to 18 and the cut off should be 80. CMV
An Idiocracy-like dystopia is inevitable. Please CMV.
I think reddit should delete subreddits that openly spread disgusting and anti-human-rights messages. CMV
I think that love and sex are very distinct, therefore extramarital sex shouldn't be a big deal. CMV.
I don't feel bad playing music loudly in the day time. CMV
I believe 20th Century advances in math and physics have essentially disproven determinism. CMV
I believe ownership of housing is a right there should be a limit to the amount of residential property one individual can own. CMV.
I think Mr. Rogers has done more harm than good. CMV
Criticism and analysis in the arts/literature/music often times are fallacious and fall prey to the introspective illusion. CMV.
I believe that /r/atheism/ is full of ignorant, intolerent, naive, and mostly bigoted people, that aren't a valid reflection on the atheist people I encounter in my day to day life. CMV.
I don't think the "rape culture" exists. CMV
I believe source code of publicly distributed software should be regulated and that a mechanism to facilitate transfer of code into the public domain is necessary. CMV
Technology must be treated in a more conservative( or cautious) manner. CMV
I believe Gul Dukat is responsible for losing the war CMV.
I think people who are kind and generous are naive. Please CMV.
Knighthood. To me the UK's whole concept of "knighting" and the "Sir" title etc in today's world is simply a disgusting and ridiculous version of a modern-day popularity contest, and I really have a hard time trying to respect it at all. CMV
It is highly immoral to have an abortion without doing extensive research on the subject. CMV
I believe it is wrong to teach the Pledge of Allegiance in schools (not for religious reasons). CMV.
I don't think that flamboyant, over-the-top behaviour is a real characteristic of homossexuality and people who do that are faking or insecure. CMV
I don't find casino gambling appealing at all. CMV
I instantly lose respect for people who use their military history to justify/prove their position on gay rights &amp; other positions. CMV
I believe religious people are religion's worst advert - CMV
I don't approve of gay pride parades. CMV.
Bioshock Infinite ruined the Bioshock franchise. Please CMV. [Spoilers]
I think not adopting kids when you want to have kids is a pretty criminal thing to do. CMV
I live in New Zealand. I believe that the indigenous here (the Maori, who are a minority) get too many extra benefits which should be removed, as it is unfair that they exist for the rest of us. CMV.
I believe the dream that freer markets will solve all our problems is flawed. I believe hoarding defeats the system. CMV.
Joyce's Ulysses is not a great book, and absolutely does not deserve the acclaim it has received. CMV
I think that swear words are useful to give connotation to your language and shouldn't be censored CMV
I believe some inmates should be sent to the army, CMV.
I don't believe IQ is important to society's advancement CMV
From a secular standpoint, I believe one must either support both abortion and the death penalty or be opposed to both. CMV.
I think women who refuse to leave their abusers are partially to blame for the abuse. If they have kids, I think they're bad mothers. CMV.
I do not believe legal consequences should exist for any other purpose than to influence future behavior. CMV
I Identify as an Anarcho-Capitalist. CMV.
I don't get the skepticism toward pharmaceutical companies. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 07/09/13
People offended by others using the word retard as a synonym for stupid, silly, etc, are simply over reacting. CMV
I realized that I am extremely prejudiced against people who advertise that they went to a high-end school. CMV.
I believe a lot of the "not wasting money" advice is very one-sided thinking, and often selfish. CMV
The argument that "it doesn't affect you" is a poor one when employed in defense of gay marriage. CMV
I do not believe viewing / downloading child porn increases demand for it when it is shared for free on P2P networks. CMV
I think agnosticism is the only reasonable view, and that both theists and atheists tend to be arrogant, CMV.
"CMV" The world has always been a violent place and terrible things have always happened.
I believe that when people try to differentiate between 'real' and 'fake' nerds, they are using arbitrary distinctions, being close minded and being hypocritical. CMV.
I believe there should be a rule change regarding "you can only challenge the OPs point" in terms of changing someone's view. CMV
Being physically abused as a child has caused me to think that all contact sports (Hockey, American Football, Rugby etc...) are immoral and that sports like MMA/UFC/Boxing should be illegal. CMV
I believe that a mother should be allowed to abort a child if prenatal screening tests show a high probability of the child being homosexual. CMV
I believe there is nothing wrong with urinating in public. CMV.
I believe a lot of people with 'scientific understanding' rely on a dogma just as much, if not more-so than religious people. CMV
I think that still visual art (photography/painting), on it's own, is a useless art form in this point in time. CMV
I think that the sentence "You either have it or you don't" is rather useless as an explanation.. (CMV?)
I believe USA is no longer a 'developed' nation (more details inside). CMV.
I'm a liberal who isn't comfortable with abortion or the pro-choice agenda. CMV.
The Environment is the most important aspect of our lives. CMV
I just finished Half-Life 2. Maybe I missed something that others see, but I don't think it deserves the fan-army that it's received. CMV
I believe the US government should not increase funding towards NASA. CMV
I believe that bodily autonomy is insufficient to justify abortion by itself. CMV.
I think people shouldn't be a gym teacher, sports coach or personal trainer if they themselves are fat.CMV.
Thorium-based Nuclear Reactors are the future of energy. CMV
I think it is impossible to believe in evolution without believing in racism. CMV
I believe that, despite being centrist, Communism will crush Islam. CMV.
I think grammar/spelling errors aren't that important as long as the message gets across. CMV
I believe the free market is responsible for creating more harm than good, CMV.
Victim Blaming and offering practical advice on avoiding becoming a victim are not necessarily synonymous. CMV
I believe making moral acts "cool" rather than explaining why they're "good" is the optimal way to increase total morality. CMV.
Battlestar Galactica lacks continuity, CMV
I believe that people should only become registered sex offenders after committing a violent sexual crime or participating in/watching sexual acts with underage people (CP included). CMV
I believe dating is unequal and heavily favors women. CMV
I believe that a large-scale, population damaging natural disaster in the coming century would be a blessing for humankind. CMV
I believe that the "collapse" will never happen.... CMV
I believe that what happens to a living being before death (torture, abuse, etc.) is negligible to the postmortem being. CMV
I think suicide only happens to stupid people. CMV
It's super creepy when, after each NASCAR race the winning driver is interviewed in the winner's circle, Miss Sprint Cup is always in the background staring at you. CMV
I believe most suicides are done out of cowardice CMV.
I am an atheist who believes life starts at conception. CMV
I believe requiring airline passengers to turn off all their electronic devices is unnecessary, unreasonable and completely unrelated to airline safety. CMV.
I think r/all should be the only default subreddit for new accounts. CMV.
I believe modern day immigration laws are a chief cause of economic inequality and should be abolished or radically changed. CMV
I believe that the logical corollary of being pro-choice for women is that men should be able to "opt-out" of fatherhood. CMV.
I believe that binary sexual orientations (gay / straight) are shallow and are equivalent to being unnattracted to ugly people. CMV
I think that the United States needs to draw up a new Constitution/Bill of Rights for the 21st Century. CMV.
I believe the US Post Office is a drain on the government's resources and does not need to exist anymore- CMV
Our political "packaging" of positions on various issues is arbitrary, irrational, and undemocratic CMV
I believe that the government should either take partial ownership or break-up companies which are "too-big-to-fail". Can you CMV?
I'm a rural-living white Canadian of Scottish/English/German descent, and I feel like I am really missing out because I have no cultural ties. CMV
I believe multiculturalism is absolute nonsense and the death of cultural diversity. CMV
I think the British Empire was far worse than the Nazis or any other regime and they have gotten away scot-free for their crimes. CMV.
I have no problem with cannibalism or necrophilia CMV
The Zimmerman case has me rethinking modern Liberalism. CMV.
I think the old and the weak should die. CMV
I believe that if you are an ethical vegetarian who believes that it is wrong to kill animals, you should be pro-life. CMV.
CMV Black Butler is a boring show, because the main character is God, and none of the conflicts he is faced with come even close to convincing us that he is in any real danger.
If Reddit's serious subs could only allow upvotes/downvotes from the post's comments page (i.e. not from seeing only the post title) the overall quality of content on the front page would improve. CMV
i believe the u.s. is a blithering embarassment of a nation. CMV
Rather than legalizing gay marriage, I think marriage should be removed from government altogether. CMV
I think antitheism is a positive ideology which tends to be poorly understood and poorly represented. CMV.
I've been raised to believe that any and all drugs are bad i.e. pot, hookah, alcohol. CMV.
I believe Kickstarter (or some evolved version of it) will soon replace the Stock Market CMV
I believe a politician who regularly told the truth would be unelectable. CMV
It was right to remove Morsi, a democratically elected president from power even with military support - CMV
I believe that the demonization of pedophiles, and referring to them as monsters and perverts, is not only maling the situation worse, but is immoral in itself. CMV.
The USA is or is becoming a totalitarian state characterized by illusions of choice, freedom, and democracy, as well as overt and physical suppresion of dissent whenever these illusions fail. CMV
I believe competition is counter-productive and breeds a harmful mindset, particularly among children CMV
I think all religions are nothing but evil. CMV?
Highly acclaimed classic movies (pre 1960) are overrated. CMV
I believe that rich/higher quality of life couples should be incentivized to have more children while poor/lower quality of life couples should be incentivized to have fewer children. CMV!
I believe that canned techniques for self-defense won't really help someone in a real life situation. CMV.
Rap music isn't worth listening to. CMV.
I believe the cloud industry is destroying the very principle that made the internet so powerful in the first place: distributed organization. CMV!
I think anyone who can't believe someone else would do something is at least selfish and at worst egocentric. CMV
I believe that second amendment with regards to the gun control is outdated and needs review and discussion and doesn't hold any relevance in this age. CMV
I don't understand why rape is as bad as people make it out to be. I feel like a horrible person for this, so please CMV.
I believe mainstream Islam is barbaric by any objective definition of the word and should be called out, rather than be coddled, by the left. The reason being mainstream Islam condones murder for people who leave their faith (apostasy). CMV.
I think Reddit's treatment of the Zimmerman trial is a great example of how white people STILL don't get it. CMV.
I think that the correlation between education and liberal politics, as well as the tendency of society to move leftward, is evidence that liberal politics have more merit than the alternatives. CMV
I believe that the band Nickelback gets far too much unwarranted hate. CMV.
I don't really understand how the subjective opinion of a renowned critic is more valid than that of anybody else, CMV
For a Christian that really believes in Christianity and that salvation in the afterlife comes with accepting Jesus, blamelessly dying is fantastic, because it means you can go to Heaven. CMV
I believe that all living beings are no different than computers or any other input/output device. CMV
People don't have any intrinsic right to their children, because of society decreeing that they do it blatantly encourages child abuse. CMV
I view fashion as an arbitrary social construct and as such reject it. CMV.
I believe that reading is no more beneficial to someones' knowledge than watching television is. CMV
I'm a femitheist who believes that masculinity is cause of everything wrong with the world CMV
I believe the computer program "f.lux" does nothing to help late night eyesight and actually hurts the computer. CMV
I think monogamy is an unnatural and unrealistic expectation for most people to participate in long-term. CMV.
I believe out-of-school suspension is counterproductive. CMV.
I think cheating in university is acceptable under certain circumstances given the current standards.
I don't believe in reincarnation but want to. CMV.
I believe everyone should have to be routinely mentally evaluated. CMV.
I believe that we should get rid of the citizenship test, CMV
I believe that if the police infringe on someone's rights in order to detain someone, that not only should the said someone be acquitted of the charges, but the police force be sued. CMV
I believe that individuals are the primary creators of value and should be subsidized. Producers and importers should be responsible for all taxes. CMV
I believe that women's only hours at gyms are sexist and shouldn't exist CMV
CMV I believe women get exactly what they deserve in the current job market CMV
I don't think "truth" is all that important. CMV
The only road to a ''better world'' is a drastic change to our education system. CMV
I believe most of sub-Saharan Africa needs an immediate mandatory one child policy. CMV.
I think birth control should be mandatory until you want a child. CMV
I believe that so long as America has capital punishment, charges of rape and child molestation should qualify for capital punishment. CMV
I believe that homosexual families should not be allowed the adoption of children. CMV
I think the opinion that "people who use swear words to convey their point are inarticulate" is bullshit. CMV
I think that Edward Snowden should be arrested for treason and/or espionage and that he's the vilan rather than the hero. CMV.
I believe anarchists and those who believe society is even possible without "government" have either not thought their own views through or are willfully ignorant to the truth CMV
I think the word "hero" is overused towards military personnel compared to other dangerous careers, CMV
I believe transgenders should disclose their birth gender prior to intercourse. CMV
People's desire for excess causes all the problems in the world. CMV.
Global overpopulation is a huge problem, but there is no morally palatable solution to population control CMV.
The Reddit community has unrealized political power. CMV.
I think extreme anti-whaling sentiment is over-hyped. CMV
I believe that the American Revolution was in essentially in vain. CMV.
I believe that The United States has no right to claim that it's the greatest country in the world. CMV
I think spoiled children are less likely to succeed later in life. CMV
I think that rehabilitated internet sex offenders (offenders who are convicted for crimes relating to child porn) should be allowed to be completely integrated back into society, including taking up positions that put them into contact with children. CMV
America is no longer a Democracy but instead an oligarchy. CMV
I believe that an American must either support all rights granted their Constitution in it's entirety, or not at all. CMV
I think it is okay that the NSA is spying on us. CMV
I think that Obama has very little to do with the NSA/PRISM Scandal and should not be blamed. CMV
I think many actions trying to promote religious freedom are actually discriminatory. CMV
Because I learned a lot of cool stuff in the Utilitarian post, I thought I'd submit this: I believe Deontology is the only coherent moral system. CMV
I believe that birth control should be mandatory until you can prove that you can support a child, CMV
I think that the reason behind religion was to help people maintain a sense of humility and to submit to a higher power CMV
I believe that parents who force their children to forgo medical treatment for illnesses and instead opt for prayer are irresponsible and should be charged with child endangerment. CMV
I believe the argued view that media/games brainwash males to expect a female reward is extremely cynical, CMV.
I believe all drugs should be legalized (revised). CMV
I think that the Confessions done by teenage students online are not justified.CMV
I believe that simple probability essentially proves that we are not alone in the universe. CMV.
Judicial review of federal legislation isn't a good idea CMV
I believe Utilitarianism is the only valid system of morals. CMV.
CMV I think that all government and government supported aid = dead aid (ty DAMBISA MOYO)
People who are receiving government financial assistance should not be allowed to purchase certain products. CMV
I think the PRISM program is clearly constitutional under the Stored Communications Act, and people arguing it is a violation of the 4th Amendment do not understand the limits and exceptions to the amendment. CMV
I don't think the law on statutory rape should be so black and white. CMV.
I think Edward Snowden had a better chance of an open consideration of his leaks had he relied on the American public for pressure on his own government rather than other nations' governments' asylum. CMV
I don't think the NSA spionage is as horrible as it is made up to be. CMV
I believe anyone who uses jargon and big difficult words frequently doesn't really have a good point to make. CMV.
I think console gaming is far superior to computer gaming. CMV
I think that the glorification of professional athletes in modern society can hold only negative repercussions for our youth. CMV
I don't think people who are only fat should get to ride motorized wheelchairs or those little buggies. CMV.
Changing gender roles are the result of technological and scientific progress, not 'liberation from the patriarchy'. CMV.
I've never had a positive experience/interaction with a cop. I've grown to loathe the uniform in general. CMV Please!
I believe that the principles of free market economics represent the best economic system and should be strictly adhered to. CMV!
Jesus was a blood-thirsty terrorist. CMV
Halo: Reach offered the best package among every title in the series. CMV
I don't think IQ measures intelligence. CMV
I don't think we should be finding a cure for ageing, CMV.
I believe that nuclear power is a good alternative to use in transitioning away from fossil fuels to renewable energy sources CMV
I believe it should be illegal to mention named competitors in advertisement CMV
He's not a hero, but Snowden was right in is actions.CMV
Police brutality is the result of and amalgamation of fear and frustration within the cop. CMV
Politics is a relic of a barbaric past. CMV
I think violence can be an answer. CMV
I believe that men should exist in a default state of *non-consent* regarding parental obligations prior to conception. CMV
I'm morally opposed to abortion but don't think it should be made illegal. CMV.
I think that advertisements that are to sell a product are not intended to voice an opinion and as such should not be untouchable from legislation as such
I believe that spelling and grammar should not be judged as harshly as they are. CMV
College athletics programs are ridiculous and have no place in the education system CMV
I believe if you are a meat eater then you cannot criticize people for eating dog. CMV
I think consoles will become obsolete beyond 2016 CMV
Something's fishy about the JFK shooting. CMV
I believe that the shortcomings and supposed failure of the US academic is not a failure purely of the academic system. CMV
I think Sherlock is a mediocre show with a despicable message. CMV.
CMV George Zimmerman should be found Guilty.
I don't think firefighters are heroes. CMV.
I don't think low voter turnout is a problem. CMV.
I believe that the dropping of two atomic bombs on Japan was justified and was better than the alternatives. CMV
[Opinion] The fifth Harry Potter book is the best in the series. CMV
I believe that Zimmerman's belief that his life was in danger was unreasonable. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 07/02/13
I don't really agree with Richard Dawkins's "meme theory". CMV.
I believe major roads should not be closed off for events. CMV
I believe the extent of USA\UK spying on European countries and EU offices is cause for justified outrage and not at all "business as usual". CMV.
I believe that organ donation should be mandatory. CMV.
I believe that if you are willing to eat meat, you should be willing to kill too. CMV
I believe we need a complete overhaul of a majority of our police departments CMV
I believe Windows Phone 8 is more user friendly than Android, please change my view.
I believe everyone's opinion deserves equal respect, even if I personally find their opinion ridiculous. CMV
I believe that price discrimination is immoral and should be legislated against. CMV.
I believe that most of the posts on this subreddit are logical and sensible views that don't need to be changed, so CMV!
I believe that the officers responsible for the Hawthorne dog killing were justified in doing so (up to a point), and that the reaction so far has been overblown. CMV
I think ignorance of the law is a good excuse. CMV.
I believe that the more we highlight racism in our modern society, the more prevalent it becomes. CMV
I believe that the only true measure of an adult is their productivity. CMV
I believe that people who go vegetarian or vegan should actually change the kinds of dishes they eat and not just basically eat the same but cut out meat/animal products CMV
I don't believe that libertarianism or anarchism can solve the Prisoner's Dilemma. CMV
I believe that employers are within their right to terminate employees who bad mouth them on a public forum such as Facebook or Twitter. CMV.
I have tried to like Chipotle, but have come to dislike it. I think the food is overpriced and overhyped from a cult-like following of customers CMV
I believe the teachings contained in Ayn Rand's "Atlas Shrugged" and "The Fountainhead" outline the 'best' way to live your life. CMV
I believe that the Death penalty doesn't serve justice at all CMV
I believe that establishing a system of direct democracy, based largely on internet voting, can solve many of the current political problems caused by the two party duopoly. CMV
I cannot convince myself to get on a rollercoaster CMV
I believe the NSA is on the right track, and the program just needs a few tweaks. I think PRISM is a good thing and a logical step in human evolution. CMV
Libertarianism has fundamental flaws that make it an unfeasible economic system CMV
I think the Zimmerman case perfectly highlights the left's ENJOYMENT of racism. CMV
I believe that there is ultimately little difference between the dangers of government power and the dangers of corporate power, and that both act in the interests of a privileged minority. CMV
I believe my boyfriend should not smoke marijuana. CMV.
I believe that parents reading through every single one of their children's messages destroys our feeling of privacy to talk about adult things and grow mentally. CMV.
I don't feel our government should treat Eric Snowden as a traitor. Change My View.
I believe that if a soldier dies in war or is disfigured/paralyzed, it's his/her own fault. CMV
I believe that all efforts to aid 3rd world nations and heavily impoverished areas is a waste of resources. CMV
I believe the US is sliding too far from a republic, into a democracy. CMV.
I believe that Unions are useless in today's American workforce and should be eliminated. CMV
I believe illegal immigration should be a misdemeanor civil offense like having an expired license or not having the proper permit. Thanks and CMV.
I believe that Capitalism and Democracies cannot co-exist. The former will inevitably degrade and destroy the latter. CMV
I believe the death penalty is morally and economically (and more) wrong. CMV.
I believe modeling requires no talent and that models are overpaid, CMV
I am a gnostic atheist. CMV
I believe the United States should take immediate measures to secure the Mexican border. CMV.
I don't think there's anything inherently bad about economic inequality. CMV
I believe speed is something that is not rewarded in school but is very important in the workplace. CMV
I don't care if a species goes extinct naturally. CMV
I believe "internet safety" should be taught in schools as early as health class. CMV
I believe "Feminism" is outdated, and that all people who fight for gender equality should rebrand their movement to "Equalism". CMV
I believe it is understandable and even logical that pro-lifers oppose abortion in cases of rape. CMV
I believe the joke "Once you go black, you're a single mom" isn't racist, it's accurate. CMV
I believe every minor that takes naked pictures of themselves and texts them to others should be arrested and charged with production and distribution of child pornography. CMV
I don't think anyone should get extra time in an exam. CMV.
CMV i believe abortion debates have been overdone and that opinions on the matter rarely if ever change.
I believe marijuana is habit forming. CMV
I believe that online dating sites are for white males only because men of color have way less reply rates CMV
I do not agree with abortion under any circumstances. CMV
I believe being a DJ is not very hard, or at least, doesn't take much skill. CMV
I Believe That Personhood is Irrelevant to the Topic of Abortion. CMV
I believe that it's possible to feed the world without agriculture. CMV
I believe that "going green" is pointless at the individual level [CMV]
I think that the Towson Univeristy Student Union has nothing inherently racist about it. CMV
I believe life is more fair to physically attractive people.CMV.
I don't think alcoholism is a disease, nor should people "suffering" from it be praised for not drinking. CMV.
I believe that the onus of proof should fall completely on the defendant in cases of self-defense. CMV
I believe *more* socialism is needed for the U.S. to prosper CMV
I believe that driving is a right and not a privilege. CMV
I believe we would be better off, if all governments were forced to become "Open Source" - CMV
I'm pro death penalty. CMV
There is one picture with a guy who's like "I built my business w/o gov't help" with arrows pointing to gov't help. There's another similar one except with the OWS movement. I feel they have the same effect of pointing out hypocrisy. CMV.
I think, from the evidence released, that George Zimmerman is not guilty of murder. CMV
I believe that 100 years from now the American Flag will be looked upon with the same disgust as the Nazi Flag during WWII. CMV.
I believe that Lance Armstrong put professional cycling in the right direction CMV
I think the decision to allow women to serve in frontline combat is dangerous, foolish, and made for the entirely wrong reasons. CMV.
I believe passive voice is better than active. CMV.
[Meta] What to do about personal views?
I am an athiest who used to support gay marriage, but now is against it in support of Civil Unions. CMVback
I STILL agree with the supreme court's decision on the voting rights act - CMV
I believe that eastern healing and alternative healing methods are illegitimate and shouldn't be taken seriously. CMV.
I believe people who have vanity license plates are attention whores. CMV.
I don't think dealerships in various states should be protected from direct auto sales. CMV
Vim is a bad text editor. CMV.
I believe that "pedophilia" and "hebophila" are completely legitimate sexual orientations, and are in fact more normal than homosexuality. CMV
I believe Islamic culture is incompatible with modern society. CMV.
I believe organic food production is a dangerous fad that has the potential to cause billions to die of starvation. CMV
I think MMORPGs are massive wastes of time and generally non-engaging. CMV.
I believe FSA is the good side of the Syrian civil war, and that Assad's forces are the evil side. CMV
I think that we should all be entitled to die when our personal average state of mind wants to. CMV
I think America would cave in any serious war. CMV
I believe that there's nothing wrong with Day One DLC and that those who oppose it are acting entitled, CMV
I believe all people contributing to a national sports team should be of the same nationality. CMV.
The US Supreme Court ruling regarding same sex marriage is regressive. CMV
I believe the NY ruling against unpaid internships is short-sighted and will be terrible for students and interns. CMV.
I believe that charging extra for bulkhead and exit row seats is discrimination against tall people. CMV
I believe the American public is NOT entitled to know EVERYTHING. CMV.
I believe that the McDonalds "hot coffee" incident was absolutely NOT a frivolous lawsuit CMV
Modern life is detrimental to human growth. CMV
I think anyone who believes global warming is fake is simply a partisan sheep. CMV.
I believe Iran has the right to create Nuclear weapons and the West has no right to intervene. CMV.
I believe the English have the best terms for things. I mean, they call chips crisps. How cute is that? CMV
I believe working in the interest of your company and not yourself is naive. CMV
I believe having the "over" orientation of toilet paper is the only correct way to have the roll placed. CMV.
Generally, french citizens, residing in France seem very proud of themselves and have not a very wide horizon. CMV
I believe MENSA is elitist and accomplishes very little, and therefore should not be celebrated as an important or academic society. CMV
I believe that T.V is a bad influence in the household. CMV
Killing animals is barbaric. CMV
I believe that being homosexual is not a choice; CMV
I belive AA is only a temporary solution for alcholics. Not a healthy long term solution to treat addiction. CMV
I believe there was nothing wrong with the Empire from Star Wars and I resent the Rebels from destroying it. CMV.
I think Led Zeppelin is comprised of pretentious assholes, CMV
I believe that religion is the single most destructive invention in the history of humanity. CMV.
If technology one day allows fetus transplants, then fetuses should only be euthanized after others have had a chance to adopt them. CMV
I believe that terrorism is a very real threat, especially to air travel, and that we need to have more alert security to prevent attacks and hijackings to take place. CMV.
I believe religion is a creation of a primitive critical thinker to explain the world around us. CMV
I believe that giving food to starving nations during a famine only worsens the problem in the long run. CMV.
I believe that taxi cab fare meters should go by mileage, not by time consumed. CMV
1 I believe that reddit should not condemn the Fedora, while embracing cargo shorts. [CMV]
I believe art can be anything you want it to be and there is no such thing as good or bad art. CMV.
I understand and agree with the social stigma associated with online dating. CMV.
I think the pursuing a high paying job is far better than doing a job that you enjoy that pays less. CMV
Western media likes to hide the faults of the West and over exaggerates the faults of other non-western countries CMV
There's no reason for people to change. CMV.
I believe that the vast majority of people's questions have already been answered, and that they're just too lazy to use Google or too naive to believe their thought can't be original. CMV
I am a strong advocate of active euthanasia (assisted suicide by means of lethal injection, etc.) CMV
[Mod Post] Announcements, Seeking New Mods, and General Feedback
I've flipped between pro-choice and pro-life, and now I'm pro-life but open CMV
I believe that people born in other countries should be allowed to run for President in the United States, as long as they have been an American Citizen for a long period of time. CMV
I believe the United States should split up into multiple sovereign nations. CMV
I believe assisted suicide should be legalized and that the fact it isn't is an infringement on those individuals' free choice. CMV.
I believe abortion at 24 weeks is murder and the limit should be decreased to 6-8 weeks or even less, try and CMV
Anita Sarkeesian's "Tropes vs. Women" is a well made critique of the treatment of women in video games, and the outrage against her is completely unfounded. CMV
I think the filibuster should be ended. CMV.
I believe that food companies bear much of the responsibility of the obesity epidemic. CMV.
This ad made me smile; even though I hate drugs for my own personal use, I feel growing, safer, more convent black markets are a good thing cmv.
I believe you're a bad parent if you let your child play rated M video games.CMV.
I believe Microsoft Visual Studio 1998 runs rings around any current open source development environment. CMV.
I think most mechanics try to screw over customers. CMV
I believe that while Marijuana has some good effects, it also has many ill effects. Particularly, I believe that anyone who constantly smokes weed is essentially wasting their life. CMV
I find the constant updating on Nelson Mandela's condition to be ghoulish and distasteful CMV
I believe a law should be judged by what would happen if someone was totally nonviolently noncompliant. CMV
I think Anxiety is only psychological and can be cured with more social activity. CMV.
I never expect from people around me anymore, instead I hope. CMV
I believe that gaming laptops are the future of PC gaming CMV
Leafblowers should be banned or at least heavily curtailed CMV
I believe what the majority wants for their country is what should be enacted by their government. CMV
I don't think stopping abortions after 20 months is bad. CMV
I believe the Bible should be taught in public schools as a mandatory class. CMV
I believe that community service should be a graduation requirement for high school students. CMV
I think the DOMA ruling today was badly decided. You cannot draw the connection from equal protection under the law to the unconstitutionality of a uniform definition of marriage. CMV
I support sustainable whaling and do not believe whaling is less humane than other common sources of meat. CMV
I believe that the pro-life stance is not mysogynistic. CMV.
Internships have become a form of unpaid labor that exploits young people. CMV.
I believe that the hatred toward the Kardashians is irrational CMV
I believe the surveillance by the NSA (PRISM) is wrong AND that Edward Snowden did the right thing for informing us. CMV
I believe that concern over adjuvants, lack of long term testing, and clumping multiple vaccines together are not "anti-science". CMV.
I believe that a monogamous relationship, or at least the illusion of a monogamous relationship, is the only way to properly maintain happiness in a relationship. CMV.
I like big screens like anyone else, however not on mobile phones, CMV (x-post from r/Android)
I believe anyone who generally opposes background checks for gun purchases is a moron. CMV
I think the US reaction to Snowden's leaks is far more unsettling than the information those leaks contained. CMV
I think graveyards are disgusting, and that we should not be able to bury our dead. CMV
I agree with the supreme court's decision on the voting rights act, and don't know what all my facebook friends are complaining about - CMV
I believe TOR isn't NSA-proof. CMV
I think the American two party system is detrimental to democracy. CMV.
I believe the western countries are socially liberal only because of a higher material standard of living and not some sort of higher enlightenment on the part of the citizens, CMV
I don't think that the word "faggot" should be censored in the radio edit of Same Love by Macklemore. CMV.
I think technical analysis (of stocks/forex) is a bunch of bullshit. CMV
I don't believe that faith is a virtue, and I believe that anyone who holds a belief or makes a claim based solely on faith deserves to have their beliefs/claims criticized and dismissed, CMV
I believe gay pride parades are a gross and inappropriate festivity that damages the LGBT community. CMV
I don't trust insurance companies one bit and thus never plan to get insurance. CMV
CMV-Minority only scholarships are unjust and unfair.
I'm a black person who doesn't think Paula Deen deserved to get fired. CMV
I believe that morals are selfish and that no actions are morally wrong. CMV.
I believe one of government’s primary functions should be to provide healthcare. CMV
I believe text-based forums, such a /r/changemyview, are far superior for intellectual debate than verbal debates. CMV
I Believe that Much Feminist Rhetoric is Pseudoscientific or Psuedophilosophical-Claiming to Have Clear Theories of Sociology, Psychology, Psycho-Analysis, Biology, and Philosophy Without any Clear Link to the Original Field. CMV
The best decision of my life will be to pursue wealth and ensure that I can afford cryonics before I die. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday - 6/24/13
I think the North Korean people are partly to blame for their oppression. CMV.
I believe that filibusters should not be praised or supported, and that anytime one is happening, it is a subversion of democracy and a complete waste of lawmaker time and taxpayer money. Any lawmaker who uses a filibuster to block a vote should be reviled. CMV
I think the auto-tune portion of "Some Nights" by fun. is completely unnecessary and ruins what is otherwise a very nice single. CMV so I can enjoy it again.
I think ignorant voters, not special interests are the problem with Democracy. CMV
I believe race, religion, gender, and sexual orientation should not be included on college applications. CMV
I think that the larger government with checks and balances was a good idea, but has now gotten to be too big, and actually is allowing for more abuse of the system than if there was a monarch or oligarchal system. CMV
I believe "utilize" is a useless word. CMV.
I believe lesbian sex isn't real sex. CMV.
I believe that within the next 35 years the United States will collapse and reform into different nation(s). CMV.
I believe Edward Snowden should be caught and brought to justice for (if not espionage) theft and fraud. I believe he is endangering the country by giving other countries sensitive information, and that without PRISM like programs, we'd have a lot more terrorism. CMV
I believe fines for breaking laws (speeding tickets, etc) should be proportional to income rather than a flat rate. CMV
I believe that forcing people to be part of a sequestered jury is worse than false imprisonment and should not be allowed to happen. CMV
I believe Patriotism is a bad thing. CMV
I believe sequestering a jury is as bad as false imprisonment and should not be allowed to happen. CMV
[CMV] Australia needs to fix up the mining industry.
I believe abortion is not pro-choice in the sense that the baby itself is not the woman's body. CMV!
People who decide to have biological children are selfish CMV
[CMV] Learning modern science efficiently precludes scientific rigure. Learning modern social science to an academic standard precludes wasting time on critical thinking.
I think that people who state to have a personal taste for beauty are just deceiving theirself to appear less superficial, in the first impression we all look for symmetry and proportions. CMV
I believe any type of "radical" is an idiot and their opinion should be taken with a grain of salt. CMV
I believe that all voters should prove proof of Identity Citizenship, and eligibility (US) CMV
I believe that the concept of this subreddit has more potential than any other on the entire site, but it is diluted and dragged down by people that respond purely for the sake of debate, rather than any actual interest or vested opinion of the subject at hand. CMV
True atheism, not agnosticism, and Christianity are both equally illogical theories. CMV.
I believe irreducible complexity should be discussed in biology classes CMV
I think people with gross genetic abnormalities, with a high probability of passing on deadly genes to offspring, and with no means of access to gene therapy, should be sterilized. CMV.
I think Android phones are overly complicated, and that iOS is the superior operating system. CMV.
I believe every student in a class should get the same final grade as the student with the LOWEST final grade in the class. CMV
I believe that those with extreme mental and physical disabilities are detrimental to society and should not be assisted. CMV.
I believe women are more valued than men in western society. CMV!
Humans aren't much better than animals, and are usually worse. CMV.
I believe that STEM degree programs should be heavily subsidized. CMV
I believe reddit is not left-wing, and is becoming increasingly fascist. CMV
Electric toothbrushes are inferior to the regular kind. CMV
I think that the recent trend in modern society (as promoted by magazines, adverts, Dove's 'campaign for real beauty' etc.) that 'curves are beautiful' and 'bigger is better' are brainwashing females into thinking that being overweight is okay. CMV
The United States should switch to approval voting, CMV
The American value of Traditional Marriage is neither traditional nor is it based on Biblical marriage. CMV
Capital punishment should be broadcasted over the internet and tv CMV
I believe Reddit's response to a recent video on r/videos was just as unacceptable as the behavior of the people people in the video, CMV.
I believe that a Man's ability to reach a sexual climax in a short period is a miracle of evolution. CMV
I think it's a good thing Snowden is being charged with Espionage. CMV.
I think that crass, lewd American and European gay rights activists are partially to blame for the homophobic backlash in Russia, Uganda, Jamaica etc. CMV.
I think that laws against having sex with someone at the age of 18 are almost completely arbitrary.
You have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide CMV.
I believe biometric locks should be required for all newly manufactured guns. CMV.
I believe the current form of government needs to be massively outvoted
The United States Government powers and corruption have grown too much, to a point that we, the people, cannot change anything about it anymore. CMV
I've never had one sip of alcohol, and I don't have any interest in ever trying it. CMV, please!
I believe that a majority of "Obesity Rights" groups are perpetuating an unhealthy and dangerous mindset CMV
I think that anyone who uses terms like "sheeple", "libtard", or others throughout the left-right spectrum has opinions not worth reading or considering. CMV.
I believe you can be an MRA and feminist at the same time. CMV
I believe humans will never know everything about the Universe in a scientific sense. CMV
Emotion is the primary currency from which all actions derive and transactions are completed. CMV!
Unlike my boyfriend, I believe physically having children is much more rewarding than being childfree or adopting. CMV
I think patents have become an impediment to invention and should be abolished. CMV
I want to become a PC gamer and build a rig, but my frustration with PC gaming is making me reconsider and possibly stick with consoles. Please CMV.
Polyamory Disgusts me CMV
I believe Ed Snowden is a hero, but still has to answer for breaking the law, CMV
I belive that everyone is naturally extroverted. CMV
I genuinely do not understand why anyone would have children. CMV.
I don't think Snowden's revelations will change anything. CMV
Women seek status, dominance and looks in a male above all else and thus the core principles suggested by pick up artist mantra is correct CMV
I can't stop hating Apple. CMV, please
I believe that the most attractive facial features are generally held by white people. CMV.
I believe that no-one should hold a professional job in the arts or sports industry CMV
America should make an official declaration to the international community that it isn't a democracy. CMV
If I have the chance to genetically modify my unborn child, I would make it an Übermensch CMV
I believe that businesses and places of work should not allow employees to exempt from certain job requirements due to personal religious or cultural beliefs. CMV
I believe that what Edward Snowden did was wrong and stupid. CMV
Music is better now than it ever has been before CMV
I think that Paula Deen should not have been kicked off of Food Network for using 'racial slurs.' CMV.
I believe that not everyone is created equal. CMV.
I'm 15 years old, and I believe that I should be able to (legally) consent to having sex with someone who is older than 18. CMV
I think some gender roles are natural and men and women are not inherently the same. CMV
I believe some aspects of the "rape culture" ideology in modern feminism are misguided and do more harm than good. CMV.
I believe the NSA is rightful in their actions of invading the privacy of citizens. CMV
I think that I am not responsible for anyone else's emotional states. Their emotions are their responsibility. *This includes insulting someone and them feeling negative emotions.* CMV
I think that if a person's gun is used to commit a crime, that person should be treated as an accomplice unless they report the gun stolen within 24 hours of the theft taking place. CMY
I Believe that we are on the cusp of an economic meltdown of a size that has never been seen before.. CMV
I think people who complain about "spoilers" all the time are shallow and incapable of understanding deeper human relationships through storytelling. CMV.
Public schools are a better choice than home school. CMV
I think it makes more sense to brush your teeth after you've eaten breakfast. CMV.
I believe that modern Libertarians are exchanging one master for another. CMV
I no longer accept the argument “he’s just doing his job.” CMV
I don't believe having stricter gun control policies will reduce the amount of violent crimes with firearms. CMV.
I think that Daft Punk is just 70's elevator music that some 40 year old guys sing over. CMV
I believe the recent fad against bullying is not only an ill-conceived strawman but that it is also detrimental to the people it is trying to help. I invite you to CMV.
I think that a system of eugenics is the only morally correct path for a society to take and that selective breeding to remove a variety of negative conditions from the human race should be enacted. CMV
I believe Snowden is a traitor and should be jailed accordingly. CMV
I believe in meritocracy and do not understand our society's obsession with achieving equality beyond legal equality CMV.
I believe their needs to be wide ranging social policies and laws that crack down on all forms of Pornography in the Porn Industry. Change My View.
CMV - I think Blink 182 is awful.
Julian Assange should be thrown in Jail. CMV
I believe that mankind would be better off if everyone spoke a universal language CMV
I believe that personal and professional lives should be separate and that being unfaithful in marriage shouldn't be grounds for a resignation or termination CMV
I believe NATO should enforce a No-fly zone over Syria and should use airpower to destroy Assad loyal military hardware. CMV
I believe the FCC is an unconstitutional monster that hinders our 1st amendment right. CMV.
I don't think it's a good idea to let military women into combat positions. CMV.
I think that polygamy should be fully legalized and accepted. CMV
I believe cat ownership should be illegal, and feral cats should be treated as a pest species. CMV.
I just watched Forrest Gump, and I don't think I could have a relationship with somebody with as low of an intelligence as Forrest. CMV.
I think breastfeeding looks a lot like cannibalism and is kinda creepy in that regard. CMV.
I believe that Google AdWords is a troubling system and should be replaced as a revenue source by taxpayer money. CMV
I believe that only females/women have vaginas and males/men have penises. Transsexuals and transgenders are none of the above. CMV
I think the TED talks are worthless at best...CMV
The golden rule is a human trait that does not come from religion. CMV
I don't think there is anything wrong with cursing. CMV.
I don't really care about money or getting a drivers licence, CMV
I think children conceived through rape should automatically be given to the victim. CMV.
I believe that most music videos border on pornography and so should be age classified and restricted/censored.
I believe that unhealthy food/fast food should have a "sin" tax. CMV
[MOD POST] We are looking for someone to be the programmer of DeltaBot!
CMV Fighting Piracy is pointless and some of the extreme measures proposed to stop it are immoral.
I believe if there were no consequences for telling the truth, people would never lie CMV
I think the only currently available way to get rid of HIV/AIDs is to start quarantining people who have the disease. CMV.
It's okay to downvote for disagreement. CMV.
I believe the world -- in total -- would be a better place under a unified government. CMV
As an American I am terrified of the direction this country is going in. CMV
I don't think people should get tickets for not wearing seat belts since the only person they are going to hurt is themselves should something happen. CMV
I do not believe that gay marriage is a problem, and think it should be legalized world wide. CMV
I believe the pharmaceutical industry has strong incentives to avoid curing diseases CMV
I'm against Abortion except when the mother or child will die because of birth
I would baptise my children to avoid the stigma of being raised completely atheist in a Catholic society; CMV.
I believe the age to start skydiving should be reduced from 18 years old. CMV
I think differences in school quality between neighboring school zones is marginal in most cases and is pushed by real estate agents and educator unions. CMV.
I think other religions are not discussed enough in early childhood. CMV
I believe that discrimination based on where someone was born is morally equivalent to discrimination based on what race he/she was born as: CMV
I think some criminal lawyers are just as bad as the criminals they represent. CMV
I think it's ridiculous everyone ties Obama so closely to the NSA and other inherently systemic problems.
I believe if an NFL player commits a SERIOUS crime, he should not be let back into the league. CMV
I don't think pickup artist theory is misogynistic/"rapey"--at least not in light of the fact that it is written for and by conscientious people trying to be more assertive; CMV
I think that drinking in high school is ignorant, unnecessary, and not worth the dangers and risks associated with it. CMV
[CMV] I think people have no reason to be depressed because there are people experiencing more hardships than them and are still trying their best. People with "depressions" are just lazy and want to be "emo."
Cartoons for adults like The Simpsons, Beavis and Butthead, Family Guy, etc. make me feel uncomfortable. I feel the same way about Futurama, Adventure Time, and The Regular Show. CMV
I have sadly resolved the view that men are being neglected if not victimised in the education process. Hopefully someone can CMV.
"Victim blaming" is a necessity in a free, democratic society, and is not inherently wrong. CMV.
I think black people too sensitive about the word nigger. CMV
Open-Source Software should always be released into the Public Domain. CMV
I think the sex-positive movement is incredibly naive and ignorant of basic human drives/behavior. CMV.
I believe that being automatically subscribed to /r/atheism on reddit is both presumptive and condescending and should be stopped; CMV.
I believe that human is an animal specie just like an elephant or a rat. CMV.
I believe that two of modern societies greatest problems-wealth inequality and overpopulation- could be solved by making having children more expensive. CMV
I believe blood clinics should accept all blood without question and fully test all the blood before use. CMV
I believe that Linux is fully ready for the desktop, CMV
I support marginalization of minorities. That is, the smaller a group is, the less you should care about them. CMV
I think that GMOs are perfectly fine to eat and that all the fear people have of them is misplaced. CMV.
I'm cold and selfish to others and I have my reasons. CMV
I think "Palestinian" is a made-up ethnicity. CMV!
I believe that mainstream feminism, especially in America, is unimportant and ultimately unnecessary. CMV.
I don't believe privacy is an important issue. CMV.
Puttin CMV at the end of this post is pointless. CMV
I will never be good at talking to women.; Change My View.
Chef Ramsay picks favorites on Hell's Kitchen and keep the others on for the drama. Most diners don't know the difference. CMV
I believe that a network of High Speed Trains should be build across the U.S. CMV
I believe that the major difference between China and the USA is that people in the USA believe that they actually have political influence. CMV.
I believe that the U.S., and most major economies of this world, should revert to the gold standard. CMV.
If homosexuality is acceptable, consensual incest between adults should be as well CMV
I believe young people can't get jobs because the present workforce is dominated by the older generation. CMV
I Believe That Osama Bin Laden Succeeded in Defeating the United States, and The U.S. Has Already Lost the "War on Terror" - CMV
Colleges should become big job factories. CMV
I think that business style personality tests are essentially pseudoscience and are a waste of time and money. CMV.
I think eating meat (carcasses, dead bodies) is disgusting- CMV
I believe Canada's health care system is better than the United States. CMV
Anytime a country wants to go to war they should have a vote by the public. Only those who vote "yes" should have to fight. CMV
Metaphorically, "judging a book by its cover" should be encouraged in society. CMV.
I believe that films that are filmed with a shaky camera (like Cloverfield) are always worse than if they would have been filmed theatrically. CMV
I think that people who post on gonewild are insecure and seeking a negative form of validation from the internet. CMV.
I don't believe lobbying is ethically or morally right. CMV.
I think people who have 4 or more children are somewhat narcissistic. CMV
I think motorcycles are a safe and efficient form of transport. CMV
I believe it is much more difficult for gay males in today's society than it is for gay females. CMV
I think technology in classrooms inhibits student learning. Reddit, CMV
I believe that the majority of advanced degress are meaningless and only exist to further the creation of job openings for people with those advanced degrees. CMV.
"The Simpson's" should be canceled. CMV
I think high-stakes testing within high school education is a very bad thing. Reddit, for the first time ever, CMV
Feminists are just Masculine women.
I believe that being physically unattractive is a serious disadvantage, not unlike being born into a low income family; CMV.
Liberalism Does Not Mix With Prosperity. CMV.
It's not necessary for the human being to eat meat. CMV
I don't think i am missing out on sex because i masturbate. CMV
I believe anecdotes can be summarily disregarded and I never acknowledge them in debate. CMV
I believe the doenvote button should be removed. CMV
I don't believe that the anti-vaccination movement should be demonized the way it has been. CMV.
I believe that the current banking system (fractional reserve banking) is a ponzi scheme. CMV
I don't think that 9/11 was that big a deal. CMV.
I believe this subreddit is more judgemental than view-changing, CMV
I feel that tattoos are, to a certain degree, much more shallow than people would like to admit. CMV
I believe that careless use of the word "literally" is bad for the English language. CMV
I believe the United States has no business supporting Syrian Rebels with arms or money...
I believe alcohol is inherently evil CMV
I think Anti-Religious people are as bad as religious extremist. CMV?
I believe that the Occupy movement was meaningful and significant: CMV
I believe that having children should require a license. CMV.
I believe that rather than bolstering the cause as is commonly believed, the influence of religion among African Americans impeded and delayed the civil rights movement by many decades and continues to hinder progress towards true racial equality in the United States. CMV.
i believe that nationalism is completely arbitrary and baseless cmv
I have a weird view on dating, and it's killing me slowly CMV
I believe that piracy is basically digital theft CMV
I believe that nothing in the universe matters except for emotions. CMV.
I do not believe that protecting endangered animals or preserving nature is a moral or ethical issue. CMV
I dont believe bicycles should be in the same class as motor vehicles and shouldnt be allowed to ride on the road (except for largely populated areas). CMV
I believe the USA and other "free" countries should be involved in conflicts over civil rights all over the world, such as Syria, Iraq, Afghanistan, etc. CMV.
I instinctively think less of a person when I see that they have tattoos. CMV (please)
I believe political parties are a negative thing. CMV.
I don't believe the Xbox One's "always on" Kinect is a problem. CMV
I believe that consciousness ends with death. CMV
I believe that a lot of forms of abstract art are pointless and shouldn't be funded in museums with tax dollars. CMV
I believe that the slaughter of horses for meat is no different than the slaughter of cows, pigs, chickens, goats, etc., and it should be allowed in the U.S. CMV
I believe I should be able to withdraw my consent to be governed and not be forcibly governed; while still residing on my land without fear of persecution. CMV.
I believe those who receive government assistance should be drug tested regularly. CMV
I believe that morals are completely subjective, murder and other "obviously" immoral things included. CMV
I believe that Soraka is a useless bag of garbage, CMV.
I believe in the elimination of the American Republic and the expansion of direct democracy. CMV
Sports lovers, I believe that gauging a players legacy by the amount of championships they've won is crap. CMV.
I believe that two people, both younger than the age of consent shouldn't have sex. CMV.
I believe that Dota is a demonstratively better game than LoL CMV
I do not believe in the existence of a "soul" CMV
I believe that Europe should be a single, federated state in the same was as the USA. CMV
I think that there is no reason for the Pirate Bay or other websites which allow for piracy to be legal. CMV.
I buy all my music because not only is it the legal thing to do, but more importantly the artists deserves to be paid for the service they provide me. CMV
I think claiming "victim blaming" in a rape case is a copout. CMV.
I think gender roles in today's modern times is stupid. CMV.
I think animal charities are pointless compared to charities helping humans, CMV
I think people who believe that Bush lied to the American public about why he invaded Iraq and yet attack "conspiracy theorists" for being crazy are hypocrites. CMV
I believe that smoking in movies (or any similar advertisement) should not be allowed. CMV.
Pro-lifers should change their name to Pro-birthers. They shouldn't be called pro-lifers until they try just as aggressively to ensure the quality of the life they are "saving" from abortion.
Lacto-ovo vegetarians are hypocrites. CMV.
Philosophical questions become trivial when dissected. CMV.
I think coaches do very little in sport. CMV
I believe we will be able to answer the race-and-intelligence question in the near future. CMV
Obese people deserve the same amount of ridicule at the same intensity felt by people who don't shower enough or fail to use deodorant. Obesity shouldn't be defended or have any concessions made for it because it is a failing in one's personal hygiene. CMV.
I believe anti-abortion views degrade the value of sentience life.... CMV
It is hypocritical to be pro-life and not support contraceptive use at the same time. CMV
I believe that the United States is now a fully functioning police state
I think the "Irish potato famine" should be classified as a genocide not a famine. CMV
I almost never wash my hands unless they have visible debris on them, and I see no need to. CMV
I don't think there's a logical argument against legal marijuana in a society that legalizes alcohol and tobacco. CMV.
I think Japanese Anime is an inferior artform compared to other styles of television and film. CMV.
I believe the NBA Playoffs, including the Finals, are either fixed or greatly influenced by corrupt referees. CMV
I believe that overly trendy people have no creativity or individuality, CMV.
I think Kanye West's new album Yeezus is shit. The bad kind of shit. CMV
If the NSA reads 1,000,000 private emails to stop 1 9/11, it was worth the intrustion. CMV.
I believe soldiers are just paid assassins, murderers who don't deserve an ounce of respect. CMV.
I think all women should be killed after menopause. CMV
I'm conservative. CMV.
I think the XBox One will be better than the PS4, CMV.
I believe that the phone that is most beneficial to own is the one that most other people own. CMV
I do not view healthcare as a right. CMV.
I support education reform. Please CMV.
I feel that if you don't have a good job or your own place you are worthless to the opposite sex CMV
I believe parents should not have loud arguments in front of their children (especially younger children). CMV.
I think college athletes should be paid CMV
I don't believe stopping any number of terrorist plots justifies the intrusion by the government into our private lives. CMV.
I think wheat is one of the biggest poisons in our culture today. CMV
I think it's hypocritical that if a pregnant woman is killed, it's a double homicide, but abortion is perfectly legal. CMV.
Family issues have to be treated as gender neutral before gender equality can be achieved. CMV
I am a Capitalist, CMV.
I think that the US economy is following the natural path of development and the only possible outcome is a decline in average standard of living. CMV
I believe that everything (except emergency services) should be shut down on one day a week. CMV
I believe proof that you paid taxes the past four years should be required to vote. CMV
I do not believe Native Americans deserve any kind of special treatment under the law. CMV
I Do Not Believe that Mind Is (or Ever Will Be) Fully Reducible to Matter. CMV!
After taking in all the information, I still think the NSA Scandal is not a big deal and not a threat to the majority of Law Abiding American Citizens. CMV
TCMV Tuesday 6/18/13
The entire suburban lifestyle is wasteful and non-suburban living should be sought by everyone. CMV
I believe there is a very real and ongoing class war. CMV.
CMV I think that Personality test on job applications should be Illegal.
I think we should incentivize sterilization, because anyone willing to take the reward probably shouldn't be raising kids anyway. CMV
I think most people have fundamentally flawed views of capitalism and socialism. CMV
I think that if girls can't publicly take off their shirts, large guys with man boobs shouldn't be allowed to either. cmv
I don't think smoking cigarettes has any benefits. CMV
I don't think country music should be considered a genre. CMV
Rock has as much artistic merit as Classical Music. cmv
I'm a moral nihilist. CMV
CMV The US constitution is outdated.
I believe that there is no good argument for being against gun control laws, and that the best solution is more total than anything we have implemented thus far. -CMV
I think NASA is a gigantic waste of money. CMV.
I believe we need to eschew the "two party system" if the United States is to succeed as a nation. CMV.
I don't think listening to loud music in headphones will damage my hearing in the long term. CMV
I think all drugs should be decriminalized for personal use. CMV
I believe subsets of the overall population should be held accountable for their respective radical's actions. CMV.
The Prime Directive from Star Trek is Stupid CMV
I think that having children is selfish. CMV
I think American state businesses(FasTrak, CalTrans, DMV, etc.) are less likely to care about their customers because they have nothing to lose, no need to be competitive, CMV
I believe that the American Civil war was not fought over slavery. CMV
I believe that proof of citizenship should be required to vote in elections. CMV
I think the current political systems in the world are corrupt, unrepresentative, ineffective and, essentially, broken. I would move to replace them with a new system partly based on mass and social media as well as Reddit style forums. CMV
I believe lolicon should be legal everywhere. CMV.
I believe that all government proceedings should be publicly available to its constituents. CMV.
I believe asking questions should never be considered as an insult. CMV
I believe that the rule of law is little more than a standing threat of violence. CMV.
Instead of paying for welfare, the government should fund abortions fund birth control. CMV.
I think maternity leave should be unpaid, and that if she isn't able to do her job fully due to the pregnancy, the employer should have the ability to fire her. CMV
Feminism is too nebulous for it to be anything but moot. CMV
I believe that the majority of redditors are obsessed with "personal responsibility" and this leads to most of the bigotry on the site. CMV
I think that completely dismissing Creationism as a viable theory is dangerous and completely unscientific. [CMV]
I think that Ronald Reagan was one of our worst presidents. CMV
I believe that if you don't have your own place and/or a good job you are automatically a turn off to women no matter what other qualities you have CMV
I believe that school should only be available to kids who want to have an education. CMV
I believe the rise in "electronic," music, operational definition as "music outputted from a computer or use of technology to synthetically simulate aural stimuli," and the death of "acoustic, live, or 'real instrument'" recordings and productions as a good thing. CMV
I think it's immoral and disgusting to pierce a child's ears. CMV!
I believe that men who date younger women are shallow, CMV.
I believe PETA is crazy, and thinks of amimals as more important than humans. CMV.
I believe that mental health is a much more important issue than gun control, CMV
I don't care if the NSA has my phone calls stored somewhere on their gargantuan servers. Make me. CMV.
I think fighting in pro hockey is immature and stupid CMV
I believe that any proper Muslim must needs be a terrorist. CMV.
I believe that privacy cannot exist in a world of social media. CMV
Fascism is NOT a right wing ideology, but rather a movement and belief of the left
I don't think term limitations on Presidents is good for democracy. CMV
I believe that the United Nations has failed. CMV
I believe that that the Keystone XL pipeline should be built. CMV
CMV that communist theory is not scientific.
I believe that the heads of bureaucracies (CIA, FBI, IRS, DOJ, ...) should be elected positions by citizens, and not appointed. CMV
I hold the view that civil commitment, psychiatric holds and the insanity defense should all be banned and outlawed. CMV.
I believe people should be held fully accountable for any decisions made while intoxicated. CMV.
I believe that the way we run prisons is not conducive to 'rehabilitation', and that we are trying to fight a battle that cannot be won. CMV
I think accommodations undisclosed to colleges on the SAT and ACT for people with learning disabilities are unfair and counterproductive. CMV please.
The asteroid that mostly eliminated the dinosaurs was way too small; Any asteroid along that size (5-10 miles) doesn't appear to be big enough for an ELE*. Please CMV.
I believe that governments should take care of the needs of the people, and that corporations should take care of the wants. CMV
I believe that the use of samples in the hiphop/electronic music communities is a cop out for creativity. CMV.
I believe the Civil Rights Act of 1964 is a encroachment on private property rights and civil liberties. CMV
I believe that professional boxing should be illegal. CMV
I believe employer provided health insurance is the wrong way to cover a population with insurance. CMV
I think striking is a rude and irresponsible/unethical thing to do in a developed country, CMV
I believe humans are an error of evolution and support human extinction. CMV.
I don't see any justification for allowing extended bullet magazines to be legal in the United States, let alone unregulated. CMV
I think Apple is a much stronger company than Microsoft with much better products. CMV
I believe the jokes made by the two men in "donglegate" were not sexist. CMV.
I believe that weight classes in sports create an unnecessary obstacle to the spirit of competition. CMV.
I don't think acne is caused by bacteria. CMV
I believe that in comments, it doesn't matter who holds which view. CMV
I believe it's hypocritical for people to be fighting for gay marriage, while simultaneously disagreeing with polygamy. CMV
I believe Reality TV is fake. CMV
I don't think women are objectified in comic books. CMV.
I don't think the U.S. Interstate Commerce Clause should remain valid CMV
I believe army's and wars are unnecessary. CMV.
I think women who lie about their birth control status should be charged with rape. CMV
There is nothing inherently harmful or immoral about having sex with children CMV
I believe we're not getting the full story about what's happening in Turkey. CMV
I believe affirmative action ultimately hurts more than it helps. CMV
I think /r/changemyview, as well as reddit as a whole, discourage dissenting opinions. CMV.
I believe that vaccinations for communicable diseases ought to be both obligatory and government provided. CMV
I believe anorexia should not be classified as a disease anymore than being overweight. Anorexics are at fault for their choice not to eat. CMV.
I think that government is running exactly as we are telling it to run CMV
I believe that murder is ethically wrong. CMV
I believe that it is more important to help people in Africa or other developing countries rather than America. CVM
I think joining the military is stupid. CMV
Losing Virginity is Solely About Physicality and Not Mentality. CMV.
I believe harmful tobacco products (dip, chew, cigarettes) should be illegal. CMV.
I believe that stimulants like adderall should be sold to people over 21 CMV.
I don't believe Obama should be blamed for NSA invasion of privacy because he doesn't hold the power to change it as President. CMV
I don't believe the Illuminati exists. CMV
The U.N should prioritize human rights over national sovereignty. CMV
As an expansion of the 'sex censorship for children' idea; I strongly believe that *nothing* should be censored to children and that they can handle exactly as much as we presuppose they can. CMV.
The PS4 is a better deal than the Xbox One. CMV.
General Zod and his gang make terrible supervillains because they should be able to beat Superman every single time. CMV.
I believe people should be given psychoactive drugs that increases their productivity, like stimulants (Adderall, etc). CMV
I believe that, as long as there are people dying in this world due to lack of food or medicines, it is immoral to buy (extremely) luxurious items because that money can be used to save lives. CMV
I believe that people who are not vegan/vegetarian don't care about the planet. CMV
I believe that it is unethical for people to eat animals when they have other ways to feed themselves. CMV.
I believe atheism is illogical, CMV.
I believe the CIA should not try to arm the Syrian rebels. CMV
I believe that the two party system in the US is no longer working and that anyone who tells people that they are only for one party are wrong. CMV
I believe that eating 100% vegan is an eating disorder expressed under the auspices of something healthy or ethical. CMV
In a week, I turn 22. I don't see any reason to look forward to any particular birthday for the rest of my life. CMV
When playing CoD, I agree with "camping", so long as the goal is to clear and advance. CMV.
I believe that once elected, leaders are free to do whatever they want, whatever their campaign fundraisers told them to. CMV
Step back and look at it - total freedom is a terrifying concept... CMV
I think that genres like metalcore are trash. CMV.
I believe Journalists (aka. Reporters, Anchormen, etc.) have more power than Politicians. CMV
I believe that auto insurance companies should NOT be allowed to charge different rates based on gender. CMV
I feel strongly that sex shouldn't be censored to children. CMV
I think being against red light cameras is an undefendable position. CMV
I think Jesus Christ is LORD of all. CMV
I think people who believe welfare recipients should be drug tested are uncompassionate and unrealistic, CMV.
I believe theists are lying to themselves and, at least on some level, they know it (whether they choose to openly acknowledge it or not). CMV
I believe all modern art is trash.
I think that pets are disgusting, please CMV my view.
I believe that spending millions of dollars on cancer research is a waste of money, considering that we have many well-known, effective interventions with a much greater impact on public health. CMV.
I don't mind personalized ads. CMV
I don't think that humans have fundamental free will. CMV
I think that tax breaks for the wealthy can lead to job creation. CMV.
All female comedians are shit. CMV.
I think that peeing in the sink to save water is acceptable and should even be adopted more. CMV
I believe that fast food tastes better than most other food. CMV.
I believe some /most children cannot be disciplined without ocasional phisical punishment (please don't confuse it with beatings), CMV
I believe PS4 will be better than XBoxOne, CMV
I don't think that minorities don't deserve any more scholarships than others. CMV
I believe that teachers are underpaid, and undervalued in the United States today. CMV.
I (a Canadian gun owner) believe that the US Second Amendment is poorly written, poorly thought-out, and probably doesn't accomplish its original intention in any appreciable way (and that intention isn't clear at all either).
I think that weddings are a waste of time and money, CMV.
I believe copyright terms should be lowered to 50 years maximum. CMV
I believe there is some merit in Eugenics CMV
The Time Machine is not Steampunk. CMV
I think that it is ridiculous to pursue being an artist, musician, or actor as your main academic or career pursuit and that people should first worry about having a stable and viable career to make money and support themselves while being a musician or whatever on the side.
I don't believe modern electronic music such dubstep, house, and drum n bass to be music. CMV
I think relationships and sex aren't worth the effort to get, CMV
Sports shouldn't be seperated by gender. CMV
I believe that violence &amp; horror, and sexual content are intrinsically different, and hence it is right and good that sexual content should have a greater degree of censorship. CMV.
I believe mathematics should be taught almost exclusively with computers. CMV
I don't buy anthropogenic climate change. CMV.
The disproportionate success of Asians proves that racism is not what is keeping Hispanics and African-Americans back. CMV.
I don't believe marriage should have any sort of government recognition. CMV.
Any open, non-curated content platform, such as Facebook or Reddit, will eventually grow and devolve to the point of having 90% shitty content. Thus, traditional media is superior to new media. CMV
A somewhat trivial one, but I believe the disadvantages of getting a gift card over cash outweigh the advantages. CMV.
I feel that having a child is equivalent to killing one. CMV
I think human euthanasia should be legal. CMV.
If you are not an organ donor (by choice), you should be at the end of the list for transplants if you need one. CMV
There has not been a decent philosopher after Wittgenstein and Popper. CMV
I think we are past the point of no return ecologically CMV
I believe people who commited a crime and are guaranteed not to do it again should not be imprisoned. CMV.
In my opinion, ecstasy should be legalized/controlled. CMV
[CMV] All online games should be legally required monitor the length of time a player plays per day and remind them to sleep/eat/take care of their responsibilities.
I feel that dancing is immature and stupid. CMV
I think an eye for an eye is perfectly just punishment
I believe there is nothing wrong with sleeping with a married person. CMV
I believe that genitals determine gender. CMW
I think seniors should be required to take an annual driving test. CMV
Buying and selling of kidneys should be legal. CMV
Psychopathy should not be considered a mental illness. CMV
I think the Smith Act of 1940 goes against the principles of the Founding Fathers. CMV
People who are obese for economic reasons should change their habits. CMV
I think that trying to define what is and is not art is non-sensical. CMV.
I believe any working individual should make a living wage. CMV
I think the NSA did nothing wrong. CMV
In the event of an unplanned pregnancy, I believe that if the father wants an abortion but the mother does not, the father should be exempt from paying child support. CMV
Wages are never going to be fair in a free market. CMV.
The revolutionary educational potential of the Internet is under-recognized because it is upsetting to Western capitalism and the powers that be. CMV.
I can not respect protesters in the first world. CMV
I believe all mentally disabled people should be sterilized. CMV
CMV My boyfriend wants a sphinx cat, but I can't see them being cuddly family members.
I think "green people" trying to stop global warming are wasting their time. CMV.
In tennis, I don't believe Women should be paid the same amount as Men. CMV
I believe that the creation of the state of Israel was just, despite the mistreatment of the palestinians. CMV
"African American" is a far more offensive term than "black" is. CMV
Lying to save your hide is part of human nature CMV
I believe fundamental religion has to be tolerated CMV
Native Americans shouldn't be called "Indians" CMV
I believe that british imperialism in Africa should not have occurred and did more harm than good.
I think companies drug testing their employees or potential employees is a violation of privacy and serves no purpose but to stigmatize and discriminate against drug users. CMV
TCMV Tues- err, Thursday 6/13/13
I would rather spend the money I have on living a good life than save and wait for my life to happen. CMV
Large-scale, drastic, environmental destruction is as morally reprehensible as human-slavery. CMV
CMV is becoming a circle-jerk of "understanding" and nonsense. CMV.
I believe that people should be allowed to be naked in public without being arrested. CMV
I still think the iPhone UI and OS are superior to that of the Android UI on a Galaxy. CMV
I believe that the UK should remain part of the EU and a referendum on the matter is a waste of money CMV
I don't think the "Founding Fathers" are the infallible people that many Americans make them out to be. CMV
I believe celebrities owe the public nothing more than a performance. CMV.
I believe that not donating blood to the Canadian blood services because of their stance on gay men is a good stance. CMV
I think that taking pride in being part of a culture, race, ethnicity, or 'groups of birth' is wrong. CMV
I think that the gender wage gap is due to the majority of women's decisions and not discrimination. CMV
I believe r/atheism (pre-change) had become a charicature of itself fueled only by people mocking what they believed was a legitimate subreddit. CMV
I believe that gangsta rap is the most important, culturally relevant popular music today. CMV
I believe that homosexuality plays no role in the advancement of ones species (survival of the fittest) and is therefore unnatural. CMV
This subreddit has far too many politics and morality discussions and not enough discussions about practical matters of dispute. CMV.
I don't believe the outrage surrounding government spying is really about government spying; is just a "last straw that broke the camels back". cmv
(US) I think voting should be compulsory. CMV.
I don't believe that ADHD is a real disorder, because it seems to me that everyone who gets tested for it has it, and is giving a prescription for medicine. CMV
I don't believe illegal immigrants should receive services from the US. CMV
I think we should discard "objectivity". CMV
Depressive realism is correct. CMV.
I think videogames are an artform. CMV.
I don't think religion deserves respect. CMV
I believe that people have the right to refuse a sex partner for being transgender. CMV.
A husband should be able to divorce his wife with no legal consequences if she gains too much weight CMV
I'm gay and I think the 'T' (transgender) shouldn't be associated with the LGBT community. CMV.
I believe that the police/law enforcement should be allowed to open fire on riotous citizens when their own health is severely endangered, CMV.
Globalization overall has effected our world negatively, CMV
I don't believe living to the age of 100+ is an accomplishment worthy of any renown. CMV
I think that the "classics" tend to be over-praised. CMV
I think all laws not restricting violence, trespassing, and theft should be abolished. CMV.
I believe that Animal Farm is a positive portrayal of humanity. CMV
I disliked the old /r/atheism and thought it should be moderated. Now I feel bad for the restriction of people's freedoms. CMV
Xbox One's digital rights management system is not a step in the right direction. CMV.
I think that Adventure Time is for kids and adults that watch it are weird.
I believe that the human population is too high and should be reduced through a decreased birth rate. CMV.
I think the current NSA scandal is a bigger presidential scandal than Watergate because it entails a much more massive breach of the Constitution. Change my view!
I believe that all drugs should be decriminalised. CMV
I believe America needs to ban corporal punishment in all states in schools and homes. CMV
I don't believe having children is something that should be encouraged at an institutional level. CMV.
I think the notion of insisting on only drinking bottled water (who live in a nation with treated water) is ridiculous. CMV.
I feel that asking for a pre-nup is like giving up on your marriage CMV
I think that "Esports" are a complete and total insult to real sports. CMV
I genuinely believe commercials are the highest form of art right now. CMV.
Those who collect disability for mental retardation shouldn't be allowed to vote. CMV
I think corporations should be democratic. CMV
Women-only scholarships are sexist and aren't even fulfilling their purpose. CMV.
I think feminism is almost entirely based on lies, fallacies, and first world problems. CMV
I believe that the concept of education in a classroom is overrated and antiquated.
I believe that the second you start using the internet, you basically give up your right to any privacy. CMV.
I'm willing to let the government see my emails, listen to my phone calls, etc. if it improves our nation's security, CMV
I think incest should be legal. CMV
I think that the original Fullmetal Alchemist series was better than brotherhood. CMV.
Holocaust denial shouldn't be a crime. CMV.
I think the Xbox One is a great console and people just love to mass criticize. CMV.
I think that Wikipedia is a very reliable source, and in many cases is more reliable printed sources. CMV.
I think MMA should have never been shown on TV. CMV
[Mod Post] Recent Traffic Spikes
I am thoroughly convinced that there is no intrinsic purpose to existence. CMV
Baseball is the most boring 'major' sport in the world. CMV
The Industrial revolution had more inpact on the world than the gunpowder revolution
I am a teenager and I don't believe I should stop having sex.
Why is "trans" not just reinforcing gender stereotypes?
I don't mind it when kids say things like "yolo" and "swag"; I see it as the language evolving. CMV
Bassists hold a useless position in a band. CMV
I believe vegans are an insult to the human evolution. CMV
CMV I don't think writing fan fiction should qualify you as a "writer"
I think space exploration is absolutely essential for survival of the Humans as species. CMV
I think it is unfair to have to choose specifically what to do with your life by the time you're 18.
I believe that people on this sub really need to use the search feature before making a thread. CMV
No one should be allowed to be paid more than 2 million dollars a year CMV
I don't think an animal's life is worth any more than a human life. CMV.
I think that buying the PS4 will be a better use of my money when I buy a next gen console. CMV
I believe the welfare state (ala: Scandinavian nations) is inherently doomed for failure in the long run.
The USA should stop "liberating" countries and start "Conquering" them.
Everyone is secretly depressed. CMV.
I think Watchmen is overrated. CMV
The "Sticks and stones" rule still holds firm. People just need to toughen up. CMV.
I don't think that the father should be forced to pay child support if the mother is the only one that wants to keep the child in case of an accidental pregnancy. CMV
I think Super Smash Bros. games are no fun. CMV
I think any Libertarian who isn't an anarchist is a hypocrite. CMV
Depression/Anxiety alot of people are faking. CMV!
I think the two party system has killed American politics. CMV
I believe the controversy over this NSA scandal is a bit over the top. CMV.
I hate fat people.
Human experimentation should be pursued to the extreme. CMV
I believe that if you are campaigning for equal rights for homosexuals, you should also be campaigning for equal rights for zoophiles, polygamists, necrophiles, and even pedophiles to some extent. CMV.
I think ADHD is a real/legitimate medical condition. CMV
I think Snowden is a traitor to the US, and the NSA's use of PRISM is justified. CMV.
I think marijuana has more benefits in a medical and psychological sense than it has negative attributes.
If you're posting something on your Facebook newsfeed for EVERYONE to see and if you're not going to listen to the other side, you're being a hypocrite, since you put it out there in the first place. CMV
I don't believe there are any good arguments against gay marriage that don't have religion in them. CMV
CMV. I think people should only give envelopes or gold as wedding gifts. What is the point of a wedding registry and why is it tacky to ask for money?
Money is everything. CMV
Moral relativism is a bunch of garbage. CMV
I think that America's domestic (and foreign) policy over the last decade will be viewed by history as a modern Red Scare. CMV
I firmly believe that "organized society" in the form of a central government is the root of the majority, if not all, of people-created problems (racism, crime, sexism, terrorism, etc.) CMV
I think Obama seems like a nice enough guy who's just trying to do his job - CMV
I believe that all religious institutions in the USA should have their non-profit status revoked and required to pay taxes. CMV
I think Super Smash Bros for N64 was the best of the series. CMV
I believe a legal distinction should be made between drugs based on physical addictiveness and damage to health. CMV
I believe morality can be objectively measured, CMV
I think homelessness should be illegal. CMV
I'm actually ok with the NSA's actions so far. CMV
I think that films are a better story telling medium than books. CMV
I believe Greece should be kicked out of the EU, CMV
All humans are equal and deserve fair rights. CMV!
"Special needs kids are just the same as everyone else" - Why are they then given things easily or certain benefits.
I don't find Bo Burnham to be funny. CMV
It doesn't matter whether I vote in US presidential elections. CMV.
I don't think soldiers deserve so much respect and praise for what is, essentially, mercenary work with an added nationalistic motivation. CMV
Gentrification is a good thing that should be encouraged. CMV
I believe mainstream pornography is degrading to women and promotes sexual violence. CMV.
I think most social justice theory is off the wall crazy, CMV
I think psychedelic drugs like LSD and psilocybin should be legal -- if not, at least more socially accepted. CMV.
I dislike everything about anime. CMV
[CMV] I believe the movie "The Princess Bride" (1987) is undeserving of the amount of critical &amp; popular love it gets.
I think US is screwed. We are becoming a banana republic, and the process is irreversible. CMV
I believe it is morally wrong to smoke cannabis solely because it is against the law. CMV.
I think that SRS is counterproductive. CMV
I find people from the past impossible to relate to on any human level. CMV
I believe Soy is a good substitute for Standard Whole Milk CMV
I hate The Eagles. I think their music is bland and uninteresting. I think The Eagles are to music what Ricecakes are to food. CMV
I think people who sleep with cheaters are bad people. CMV.
I think a World Government is a good idea. CMV
I strongly believe that the use of the words nigger, faggot, chink, gook, etc should be permitted freely without being automatically labeled as racist/ homophobic terms; CMV
r/abrathatfits is mainly just fat girls trying to make themselves feel better CMV
I believe that Global Warming/Climate change is nothing more than a rouse CMV
I am having an existential crisis: I believe life is not worth continuing if you do not contribute anything relevant and substantial to the advancement of the human race. Please CMV!
I believe capital punishment (or the death penalty) is a good thing.
I believe that it is ridiculous to ban certain types of guns and not others. CMV.
I believe once you are convicted of a felony, or are sentenced to life in prison, you should be forced to work without pay until the end of your sentence or until you are physically unable to work. CMV
I think in most cases piracy is fine. CMV.
I believe that we should not be teaching children (or anyone for that matter) an "if you can dream it then you can do it" attitude. CMV.
Edward Snowden does NOT deserve to be imprisoned. CMV.
I think that a "Terrorist" is simply a word used by governments to dehumanize their enemies and thereby justify their own atrocities. CMV
I think that drawing on social security when you don't actually need it should be dealt with the same way as welfare fraud. CMV
I believe that hard work will pull people out of poverty and view those who do not take advantage of these opportunities are lazy. CMV
I don't believe waiters/waitresses at conveyor belt sushi restaurants deserve as much of a tip as waiters/waitresses at traditional full service restaurants, CMV
I think every single aspect of gun control currently being presented is stupid and useless. CMV
I do not believe that terrorism is an existential threat to the United States. CMV
I believe that its okay to call people fat the same way its okay to call someone skinny, CMV.
Given the low (not even top 10) US rankings of economic and personal freedom, I want to emigrate to Australia. CMV
Parents of gay, lesbian or transgender children should have the option to get an automatic, permanent, unconditional restraining order against them, even if the child is a minor
I think the second and third Matrix movies are better than the first. CMV
My son spends too much time playing first-person shooter games. CMV
I believe that curse words should not be considered vulgar. CMV [Possibly NSFW]
I believe that dictatorships can be more successful than democracies.
I think the reasons why most Americans dislike soccer are bullshit
While PRISM is bad, Reddit is circlejerking about how bad it is. CMV
I feel that social security services in America should be optional, thus allowing people who don't want the benefits to not be forced to contribute. CMV.
I have a government job and think I should leave it to pursue my passion. CMV?
I believe that prostitution in all "First World" countries should be fully legalised and regulated. CMV.
I believe the government lied about 9/11 CMV
I'm an anarchist that votes under the current system. CMV
Within the Next Generation, Exponential Technologies Will Render the Historical Expectation of "Privacy" Antiquated, Unacceptably Dangerous, and Untenable in Practice. CMV
I don't believe the US Gov't or the Companies that sell them data are legally in the wrong for data mining. CMV
I genuinely feel the Nintendo 64 is a badly designed, hugely overrated console. CMV.
You have a moral obligation to disclose information that could save lives. CMV
There's nothing wrong with PRISM or NSA spying on us. CMV
I think the prescription drug industry in the USA is one of the most corrupted, bloated entities in the country CMV
I believe that everyone should get beaten up at some point in their life. CMV.
I believe freedom of speech is a principal pillar of a free government; when this support is taken away, the constitution of a free society is dissolved, and tyranny is erected on its ruins. CMV
I believe that a 'dystopia' such as Brave New World is actually extremely desirable. CMV.
I believe people should not pirate software from the internet. CMV
I'm starting to think that going to college is the only way to be successful. CMV
I believe that the world would be a better place if nobody was allowed to be payed over US$100,000 a year, CMV.
I'm an as*hole, CMV?
In light of recent events in the US Federal Government, I now believe the only way things can change is state secession. CMV?
Logic, Mathematics, and Physics are imaginary and cannot be used to fundamentally understand the Universe. CMV.
I prefer Iphones over Droids. CMV.
I believe tattoos without personal meaning past "it looks cool/pretty" convey a shallow depth of consciousness and creativity. CMV
We shouldn't be expanding the term "rape" beyond its standard definition CMV
CMV If my SO was having my baby, I would need to make sure that it's mine.
I think the spirit of reddiquette is stupid. - CMV
Vocals in metal ARE musical! CMV
I believe that speeding by itself should not be illegal but that the fines for accidents and damages caused by reckless driving should be raised. CMV.
Why I think changing people's views are irrelevant. CMV?
I believe that homosexuals should not make their sexual orientation public. CMV
I think religious schools should be banned CMV
I don't understand charging more than $100 for concerts no matter how successful or popular an artist is. CMV
I do not think that gaming qualifies as a form of artistic expression. CVM
I don't believe in evil. CMV.
I believe insecurity and low self-esteem are good because they encourage the person to better themselves as a member of society. CMV
I believe that Cake Day should be removed because people take advantage of it. CMV
I believe that gun ownership in the USA should require licensing/testing, and guns should be registered, as is done with cars. CMV
I think that the My Little Pony and Homestuck fanbases are the worst in existence with Sonic. CMV
I feel that baseball is not as entertaining or worth paying to see as say hockey or football. CMV
I believe security breaches by employees of private corporations are more dangerous and uncontrolled than data mining done by the government. [CMV]
I think time travel will never exist. CMV
I enjoy anime, yet despise its fanbase. CMV
I don't think Africa is "fixable" and I also don't believe that most Africans have the intellectual capacity necessary to build a more advanced, successful civilization on their own. CMV. Please.
I believe that gentrification is a good thing. CMV!
I think drones are 100% okay. CMV
In today's first-world society, I don't believe unions should exist. CMV
I believe that global emission regulation, doesn't need to reshape resource consumption control. That it doesn't hinder the ability of growth and flourishing in poorer nations. CMV
I believe that the use of capital punishment is a viable punishment for heinous crimes. CMV
I think that reddit, usually cynical of sensationalized media, is blowing the PRISM scandal way out of proportion. CMV.
CMV - Human progress is being held back by the capitalist nature of society
I believe pedophiles can't help their feelings towards children therefore should not have long sentences but simply helped instead. CMV
I don't believe that we should "support our troops" or treat them as heroes when they are involved in a conflict/war we do not agree with
I believe that the copyright companies have it right when they talk about ThePirateBay, and it is stealing. CMV
I for one would rather have security over privacy CMV
I believe animals have the same rights to life as humans and it is morally right to violently free them from farms. CMV
I don't hear any musical quality in the screaming vocals found in many genres of metal music. CMV
I believe parents who post photos of their children on social media are violating that child's privacy rights, and should be stopped. CMV.
I believe that the media has a liberal bias CMV
I believe Asexuality is not a sexual orientation. CMV.
I believe that privacy is wrong. CMV
I think politically inspired violence ('terrorism') is a price we should pay for a free society. CMV
I believe the drinking age of 21 has to be changed. CMV
I think there is such a thing as child pornography which does not involve child abuse or exploitation. CMV
I am a fascist, CMV!
I have no problem with the NSA gathering information on everyone and I think Reddit is overreacting. CMV
I don't think running a marathon or cycling a century are impressive or something to be proud of CMV
I don't believe that "terrorists" are a threat to the US, and shouldn't be taken seriously at all. CMV
You should respect religious people. CMV
I believe if the majority of Reddit endorsed the Libertarian Party, it may actually have a positive effect on the United States. CMV
I believe that the government should treat drug use as a disease, not a crime. CMV
I think that most people who complain about their countries education systems are just lazy or don't care about school/university. CMV
I Believe All Major World powers are currently in Decline and Humanity is about to be Drastically reduced in population and Technology in the near future CMV
I believe when marijuana is legalized new punishments for crimes should prohibit ones marijuana use CMV
I don't believe gay couples should be allowed to raise children. CMV.
I think that depressed people should be given any drug, as long as the drug is nonviolent, or an anti-depressant. CMV
I am glad that the government surveils the internet and other forms of communication. CMV
I believe Michael Jackson was indeed a pedophile. CMV
Large scale atheism could only do good. CMV
There's nothing wrong with a guy "cheating" on his gf or wife. CMV
I believe that torrenting and adblocking should be viewed the same by society and the government as stealing. CMV
Alcohol is essential in almost all social gatherings
I believe the government should NOT be allowed to view my e-mails, tap my phone calls, and view my web history for national security concerns. CMV
I Believe saving highly-premature babies is a waste of money CMV
I believe that might makes right, and so-called "ethics" only matter if you can enforce them. Please CMV.
Because they study only one book, Muslims are intellectually immature. CMV.
I believe that a non-universal health care system is fundamentally broken and a source of market failure. CMV.
I believe the U.S. is a Illiberal democracy manipulated by those with control of money. CMV
I believe that population decline will be a larger problem than overpopulation in the near future.
I believe that GM crops are overwhelmingly beneficial to our world. CMV
Presupposing that human overpopulation is the root cause of a number of our problems, it is immoral not to mandate human procreation restrictions. CMV
I believe man has the right to kill animals for food. CMV
CMV I hate black people but honestly I'm beginning to see a lot of ignorance and irrational thinking from whites
I don't think the US needs a program like PRISM and it and any similar program should be shut down and prevented from ever forming again. CMV.
The RES feature which allows us to see upvotes/downvotes we've given to a particular redditor should be eliminated. CMV.
As an agnostic, I have a lot of respect for religious people's views (as long as they don't force them on me).
I am pro-gun rights because I think people who can't defend themselves against most attackers (me, for example) need to level the playing field. CMV.
I don't believe that counter protesting the WBC does anything. CMV.
I'm Not Homphobic or A Racist But I Believe There Is Nothing Wrong With Saying The Words 'Faggot'/'Fag' or 'Nigger'/'Nigga' CMV
I believe that anyone should be able to make their own money and sell it as such without being persecuted by legal tender laws. CMV
I think death penalty should be reserved for serial killers, mass murderers, extrimists and rapists.
I believe allowing children to ask for money in front of stores to fund their sports team is tantamount to begging/panhandling and should not be allowed. CMV
I don't think USA is a democracy
[Mod-Post] Welcome New Users
I believe in the USA all crimes committed by persons should be expugnable after finishing the sentence. CMV
I don't see the necessity for art and music education in schools. CMV.
I don't believe that I, along with the vast majority of others are educated enough to understand what economic (and maybe some social) policies make sense, and therefore a large part of what makes democracy great loses meaning. CMV
I believe that modern art (e.g. art museums and public art) are a waste of time and money. CMV.
I do not believe that God exists. CMV
I believe photography does not require skill, unlike other art forms. CMV
CMV, If Obama was white Congress would have impeached him by now.
The United States is a police state
[USA] I believe convicted felons should still have the right to vote, CMV
I believe women should not hold positions of power because of their emotion. CMV.
I don't think being vegan helps animals. CMV.
I believe novelty accounts and references to a poster's username detour and worsen discussions on Reddit. CMV
sixteen year olds should be allowed to vote.
I believe that people with severe mental disabilities or illness shouldn't be allowed to vote in public polls, CMV.
I believe the government should be allowed to view my e-mails, tap my phone calls, and view my web history for national security concerns. CMV
I think a lot of people are quietly subject to detrimental privacy concerns via technology. And that "don't store personal information then" is a bad opinion.
I think people with a need to be dominant have flawed personalities, CMV
I believe Tupac Shakur is alive. CMV.
I believe that subreddits made exclusively for the sharing and display of sensitive material (bestiality, abuse, rape etc) should be permanently deleted. CMV
I believe that speed limits should vary based on driving ability or be raised so that the best drivers aren't slowed unreasonably. CMV.
Allman style indentation is the way to go. CMV.
Most mental "illnesses" aren't even illnesses. CMV?
I don't think we should fund NASA because we have other obligations here on earth, CMV
I think it is morally appropriate/not homophobic to be uncomfortable in a locker room setting with a homosexual person of the same gender.
I believe if gay marriage is accepted, polygamy, incest, bestiality, etc . . . will follow. Please CMV.
I believe nihilism is a fundamentally flawed philosophy. CMV
I believe that a government that spies on its people and can detain them indefinitely is good. CMV
I think traditional marriage forces people into relationships they would of otherwise ended.
Being spied upon does not take away your freedoms.
I believe that the US Government has too much power, and does not not care about abiding by the laws restraining it, and at this point, with the media reporting and then forgetting about scandals every week, there is nothing that could rally the enough people to change anything, CMV.
I thinkI believe the only meaningful resolution to the scandals involving abuse of political power in America is a wide-scale popular revolt a la Turkey. I believe that point is now. CMV.
The United States Was Legally Justified in the Invasion of Iraq in 2003 CMV
No adult needs human contact to be healthy. CMV
I think J'Marcus Russell will get another chance in the NFL in 2013-14 CMV
I think the federal government should privatize the US Postal Service. CMV
Large companies and corporations are largely 'evil' and deceitful CMV.
I think that charging different demographics different rates on car insurance is unjust. CMV.
I believe it's far easier for straight women to get sex than straight men. CMV
Calling someone a bigot (or calling something bigoted) is not an argument, CMV.
I believe that there is a difference between a woman, and a transexual woman. CMV
I think that possession and making (copying not producing) of child porn should not be a criminal offence as CMV
I don't buy music from someone who is a terrible person in real life. CMV
I don't think Verizon's NSA surveillance is that big a deal. CMV
I believe everything happens for a reason, CMV
I believe that guns should be registered and transactions recorded (much like cars).
I believe Obama, like Bill Clinton, is a centrist republican in a liberal Democrat disguise. CMV
I believe economists' predictions about the future should be regarded about as reliable and realistic as fortune tellers claiming to see the future. CMV
I think piracy is fundamentally wrong. Change my view.
I believe it is harder to come out and be accepted as bisexual than it is to come out as gay. CMV.
I believe a country which has a compulsary military service should also draft women. CMV
I believe that the internet isolates you from other people. CMV
I am a firm believer in the death penalty. CMV
Arguments phrased in such a way that a speaker is thrown under the bus, but thean the main thrust of their argument is salvaged, are completely short-sighted and water down discussions. CMV.
I believe all lobbying and political advertisement should be illegal. CMV
I believe Gentrification is a good thing. CMV.
People who hunt for fun lack empathy CMV
I think anal is extremely nasty and I don't understand why anyone would want to be involved with someone else's pooper. CMV.
I believe that Atheism Plus far oversteps its bounds. CMV.
Insults should be avoided in a rational discussion, no matter your opponent, CMV.
I believe Bradley Manning is just a thief, not a whistle-blower. CMV.
I believe homosexuality is a form of disease that is nature's way of population control. CMV
I believe we need a credentialing / occupational licensing system that isn't based on the time/money you pay the gatekeepers, but rather your demonstrated competence. CMV.
I believe if there is a minimum wage, unpaid internships should be illegal. CMV
Bicycle Helmet laws should only apply to minors as it causes no harm to others. CMV
I don't think the government should be even 1/10th the size it is in any major country CMV
It's not bad if people stop paying for art. CMV
The patent system as a whole is good (including software patents). The only problems with the patent office today is that it grants patents that are later found to be invalid, and that some patents last too long. CMV
I believe current benefits to US military veterans should be just converted into larger pay. CMV.
I believe that the world will eventually have one world government. CMV.
I believe that New Atheism encourages shallow and superficial understandings of history, philosophy, and sociology, and is damaging to intellectualism. CMV
Further than an earlier post today, I believe that anything beyond "LGBT" doesn't exist at all. CMV.
I believe size does matter. CMV.
I believe that people who make bad financial decisions or pretty much any bad life changing decisions during the Internet age are willfully ignorant. CMV
I believe the presence of Neanderthal DNA in some groups and the IQ differentials between population groups suggests that, at some level, race is a real biological condition that is more than just skin deep. CMV
I believe the 105 year long futility of the Chicago Cubs trumps the collective futility of other sports cities. CMV.
The Queen is pointless CMV
I think polygamy is inherently unstable and unhealthy CMV
I believe mandatory minimum laws have no place in society CMV
I support LGBT rights, but I think people are getting carried away with the acronyms. CMV
I think we should not only prioritise an immediate experiment on civilizations/societies - but that it's obvious. CMV.
I think that every country should adopt ultra-liberalism for its culture [CMV]
I don't think any 'Text only' posts should be tagged NSFW CMV
I believe that parents making their children have music lessons is a waste of time. CMV
Universities should be "free" (under 1000 dollars for whole study program let's say). CMV
The current software industry job boom will subside in 10-15 years or less. CMV.
I do not think Obama is as bad as everyone says he is CMV
I believe that on balance, Monsanto is good for humanity, CMV.
I think there should be a flat income tax rate in the US, CMV
I believe the human race cannot recover from greed and violence to reach utopia, no matter what. CMV
I just can't bring myself to care about money CMV
I think Zynga's business model is fundamentally unethical, and has no innovation in it. Further, any employee who has worked with Zynga for more than a couple of years cannot be trusted because they have brought into the company's culture. CMV
I believe that there should be an exit exam to get a high school diploma. CMV
I believe that allowing large amounts of assets to be inherited/gifted to one's children ends up in neo-feudalism and is grossly unfair to the rest of society. CMV
I believe that anyone that believes in the paranormal (ghosts, poltergeists, and the like) is silly and illogical. CMV
I don't believe my dream of being a musician is worth pursuing. CMV
I think most of the subscribers to r/getmotivated are just subscribed to it because it's nice and they don't want to change anything. CMV.
TCMV Tuesday 6/4/2013
Available-and-looking heterosexual men really shouldn't attend SlutWalk. CMV.
I think people should be taxed in line with the extent to which their work improves society (science, technology, living standards etc) rather than how much they earn
I believe the message of Jesus is widely ignored by christians, CMV
I believe the killing of Osama bin Laden by Seal Team 6 was fully justifiable and legal. CMV.
I think that fracking is a practice that should be globally banned, CMV
I don't see how it is possible for a heaven or something equivalent to it, to exist. CMV
I believe the death penalty should be abolished in the US. CMV
I believe that elderly people being defended for being racist because they were raised in different times is total bs. CMV
I think all people are bisexual CMV
I have come to believe that reddit is populated with pompous hypocrites who really have no interest in learning something new if it challenges their personal beliefs or feelings in any way.CMV
I think JFK was shot by a lone gunman (Oswald). CMV
I do not think that practicing defensive indifference in baseball is ever a smart move for the fielding team. CMV.
Gay People Who Exhibit Behavior Generally Associated With The Opposite Sex Are Less Gay Than Gender Confused. CMV
In response to the 9/11 post, I am interested in seeing some evidence about WTC 7. I'm under the impression that the WTC 7 failing is extremely suspect, CMV.
I believe industry driven gun control is the best approach CMV
I believe homosexuality is not natural, and should be treated as a mental illnrss. CMV.
I believe that Psy's success in North America with Gagnam Style is a fucking joke and can't (or at least shouldn't) be taken seriously, CMV
CMV- I have a lot of left-wing beliefs but I still think abortion is wrong.
I believe that the US education system is doomed because of teachers CMV
I believe morning- after-pills should be under restriction CMV
I believe it's foolish to have intense opinions about types of government. CMV
I think the American government is corrupt, CMV.
I believe in determinism, and that we have no influence whatsoever over our fates. CMV!
There is no real difference between drug addiction and obesity and if we as a society should be willing to accept people for being overweight, then we should do the same for people who are functional drug addicts.
I believe that no matter what world view you hold you can not logically believe everything has a "Cause and effect" CMV
I prefer the movies I,II, and III of the star wars saga more than IV, V, and VI. CMV
I believe drug use and possession are extensions of the natural rights to liberty and property and should not be violated. CMV
I think Alternative Fueled Vehicles are just a fad. CMV
I think the embargo on Cuba should be lifted. CMV
I consider homosexuality to be perverse and curable. CMV
I think it is impossible to accurately say that climate change is man-made due to the age of the earth and the recency of our data. CMV.
I think that Rob Ford is doing a good job as the mayor of Toronto. CMV.
I believe that a truly secular government is the best type of government for ensuring religious freedom for all religions in its population. CMV
I think that creationism and catholic religion should be taught in Canadian/american public schools - CMV
I think catholic priests shouldn't be able to get married- CMV
There is no such thing as a religious Scientist. It is oxymoronic. The scientific method is completely incompatible with evidence-free belief. CMV
I think John Cage's "4'33''" is the dumbest thing to happen to the music world. CMV
I think Universal Human Rights and right-wing ideology are incompatible.
I believe the Extreme Male Brain Theory is the most complete explanation of autistic biology CMV
I think raising a child with bad eating habits should be considered abuse CMV
I believe that hardline Marxism is obsolete in modern politics. CMV.
I think tipping should never be a social norm. CMV
I don't believe liberals fully understand the role of the federal government in the financial crisis. CMV
I believe that anything is possible - CMV
A better definition of life is anything that sustainably perceives. CMV
I think that the activist group "Sea Shepherds" is going about everything wrong. CMV.
I believe that most abstract expressionist artists/artworks are unworthy of the praise they receive. CMV.
I think that the government should tax churches and other "non-profit" organizations. CMV.
I believe symbol swearing is superfluous and is used in written media in order for the writer to feel 'safe'. CMV
I believe hip-hop has been getting exponentially worse since the mid-'00s. CMV
I believe that businesses should have the right to refuse service based on any condition they wish, including race, nationality or disability. CMV
I do not agree with paid maternity leave, and think negatively of the way pregnancy is handled in the workplace. CMV
I believe that most people, unless they're going into a STEM field, have no use for math beyond basic arithmetic. CMV
I believe that hallucinogens can and should be legalized for recreational use, CMV.
On the scale of the entire universe, I believe the human race is nothing. CMV
I believe that the use of drones in warfare, even against humans is more ethical than deploying human soldiers CMV
I believe that Science, Religion, and Philosophy all work together seamlessly and prove an omniscient deity. CMV.
While a lot of the content on /r/seduction is misogynist, there are some helpful insights there that are not spelled out in other places. CMV
I believe that the drinking age should be lowered to 18, or perhaps even lower. CMV.
I believe communism as described by Karl Marx is a more democratic economic system than capitalism. CMV
I believe everyone should have to donate their organs after they die. CMV
I believe women are realists pretending to be romantics and men are romantics pretending to be realists CMV
I believe that we don't need laws that protect people from themselves or coerce them into socially positive behaviors. CMV
I don't think that steep price of some video games is a justification for piracy, CMV!
I think putting 'CMV' at the end of your post is redundent. CMV
I think that it's in the world's best interests that the FSA is defeated in Syria. CMV
I believe that passing your genes to the next generation is important. CMV
I don't think a single gray wolf can kill a man. CMV
I curse openly on public property and largely ignore people who tell me to stop unless when there are small children present. Please CMV.
I'm pro-life, and I believe that abortion is essentially murder.
I believe that as a society we are smarter than our previous generations. CMV
I believe that the American justice system is supremely flawed and unjust. CMV.
I think illegal immigrants should be deported to the countries from whence they came. CMV
I believe polygamy and love are mutually exclusive and I have an unhealthy big fear of my SO not being loyal. Please, CMV.
I believe that there are no moral wrongs, only repercussions. CMV
There's nothing inherently or morally wrong about stereotypes. CMV
I believe a partner that has cheated once (even if it's kissing) shouldn't be allowed a second chance. CMV.
CMV that Gun Ownership is not a bulwark against tyranny and that tyranny is not much of a problem in the USA anyway.
I believe that party-goers are unintelligent. CMV.
Dating is a marketplace and women are the gatekeepers of relationships and sex. CMV.
I believe that it would be a good thing to be alone in the universe. CMV
When someone enters into a two-person conversation, they are just competitively seeking attention.
I believe that the growing popularity of international soccer in America is a direct result of the growing popularity of the video game FIFA. CMV.
Women are sex objects and men are death objects. CMV
CMV - I believe that we should allow an unlimited number of immigrants to come in from Mexico.
I think semi truck drivers should be penalized for leaving tire scraps on roads. CMV.
CMV I think all aspects of society should be fully gender integrated or gender neutral
I believe that the US government should rid itself of "parties". CMV.
I believe that the Earth and other planets around Earth are subatomic particles within atoms composing another object CMV
I don't think prohibition caused organised crime. CMV
I don't think being white gives me an *unfair* advantage (Or at least I shouldn't feel bad about having an advantage). CMV
I don't think life has any intrinsic value. CMV
I believe that the "death tax," or something like it is a fundamental necessity for a capitalist democracy, and if anything doesn't go anywhere near far enough in its present state, CMV.
I think it's offensive to highlight someone's priviledge CMV
I believe the Lemon Meringue should replace Traditional Wedding Cakes. CMV
I don't think abortion is wrong in the first 4-5 months. CMV
I think the idea of marriage contacts will result in millions of children with divorced parents. CMV
I don't believe that shirtless laws (or lack thereof) should be allowed for both sexes, CMV
I believe people should be able to posthumously sell their bodies. CMV
I Don't Think America Should Intervene in Syria. CMV
I think it's been a long time since we've seen a President from any major party that really had our best interests at heart. CMV.
Completely sealed clamshell packaging is hurtful to consumers. CMV.
I frequently use the word "nigger" as a white person to refer only to other white people. Telling me I can't do this because of my skin colour is racism. CMV.
Unless you've played the sport at a competitive level, I don't think you can really be a fan or understand the sport. CMV
I think people who wear sunglasses in stores or during the evening/night times are annoying/conceited.
I think that NASA projects such as Curiosity are cool but impractical in this economy, and NASA's funding deserves to be cut a little. CMV
I'm convinced that weddings in expensive locations are merely an exercise in demonstrating your wealth, and are not necessarily worthwhile in any other way. CMV
I believe law enforcement personal and high ranking members of state/federal government have restricted or no 4th/5th amendment rights when acting in their official capacity. CMV
I think the FBI should get a warrant to look through Google's user data. CMV
I think all people who want children should take a test to determine if they are fit to raise a child. CMV
I think people who work for airport security are just a bunch racist jerks. CMV.
I believe that the NoFap movement is harmful to men's health, as well as their relationships with women. CMV.
Nostalgia is just memories being shaped positively out of proportion, CMV.
I'm pretty certain the Govt. (Canada) should enforce a living wage standard CMV
I would market Smoking Cigarettes over Gambling. CMV
I think corporate taxes are pointless and they should be replaced by higher taxes on income, capital gains and dividends. CMV
I believe that if you support legalizing same sex marriage, you should also support legalizing polygamous unions. CMV.
I believe that the emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says, “it’s a girl.” CMV
I believe, rephrasing Sophocles slightly, that to never have been born is the greatest boon of all. CMV
I think being vegan/vegetarian for a cause doesn't make sense. CMV
I do not consider anyone who hasn't thoroughly read the Bible at least once a Christian. CMV
EBT should not be authorized for use in places like Strip Clubs, Gas Stations, and various extremely needless things such as Monster Energy Drinks -- CMV
I feel children should be taken away from parents that are racist. CMV
I think that offensive jokes (Ie: Rape, racist, etc) jokes are okay and people that are offended are uptight. CMV
We will never solve poverty, inequality or other social ills. Ever. CMV
I don't believe in land ownership. CMV
I have no credit score, and I don't need one. CMV
I think that the current use of GMOs is bad, growing them requires us to dump vast quantities of poisons into the ecosystem. CMV.
I think active assisted suicide should be legal. CMV.
I hate when people refer to my "white privilege", "straight privilege", "male privilege", or "cis privilege". If I support equal rights, is what I am not my right? CMV
I think libertarianism fails to adequately challenge abusive corporations, doesn't support workers, blames economic victims, and abandons the poor. CMV
I believe people should boycott all charities that do not directly deal with global warming until the issue is solved. CMV
A&amp;F aren't evil or immoral in the slightest. Business arguably is, but that's just the world we live in. CMV.
I believe that soldiers are partly to blame for the wars of their respective armed forces. CMV.
I don't see any reason to hate Monsanto. CMV.
I think there are too many cell phone/mini computer styles and government regulation is needed because of how needlessly wasteful it is. CMV
I'm a male and completely indifferent to the length of my nails. CMV
I think finance and economics should be mandatory classes in high school next to math, science, etc... CMV
I think the US needs an amendment to the constitution that requires an annual balanced budget. CMV please
In my opinion, the conservatives way of protecting tradition is absurd. If we've been doing things the same for hundreds of years and its wrong than it should be changed. CMV
I think Star Trek: The Next Generation is better than the Original Star Trek
History Channel's "Pawn Stars"(and similar shows) actually showcase history and people should stop complaining about it. CMV
I don't think Western countries should intervene in Syria. CMV
I think postmodernism, when applied outside the world of fiction, is completely worthless bullshit. CMV?
The Internet isn't taking over our lives. CMV
I think that foreign policy boils down to what is good for your own country only. In other words, there is no such thing as "unselfish" foreign policy. CMV
I feel that games, whether video games, board games, or card games (really any kind), do not serve a purpose in raising a child. CMV
I don't believe books are inherently superior to any other medium, such as television, music or film. CMV
I don't think Meatball Subs and Zygotes have any differences CMV
I am a Black Make who does not believe drunk sex is rape. CMV.
I believe that human consciousness is something that has always been possessed by our species, not an adaptation. CMV.
Genetically Modified Babies are a New Frontier, Should be Advanced, and Even Mandated
I think Apple stock is overpriced CMV
I think it's stupid how fouls are encouraged in the last minutes of basketball. CMV
[Mod Post] Discussion on the possibility of adding a minimum word/character count.
When applying for a job, if you are planning to have a child in the near future that information should be made transparent. CMV
Guns don’t provide self-defense, harm more lives than they save, and should be illegal for civilians. CMV.
People who are almost always angry and/or always screaming are usually always right. CMV
I think GMO's are not only safe, but that the controversy surrounding them is largely conspiracy nonsense fueled by anger at Monsanto's business practices. CMV?
I don't believe in the typical notion of gender equality CMV!
The ends justify the means. CMV.
The only way to avoid having an allergic reaction is by avoiding the allergen completely. CMV
I feel laws should have no moral footing. That the purpose of laws is purely to make society function efficiently. CMV
I believe that groups such as American Family Association and the Family Research Council are rightly listed as hate groups. CMV
I believe vaccinations are not good for humans and should not be required for children to take. CMV.
IRS Scandal. I believe that what those IRS agents did was completely justified. CMV
Amanda Palmer handled her Kickstarter money very poorly. I consider her to be an idiot. CMV.
My wife thinks coconut oil is healthier than other cooking oils. I think oils are just oils. CMV
I don't think my High School Graduation should begin with Prayer. CMV
After all the EA hate surrounding the release of SimCity, I don't think I should buy it now. CMV
I believe that there is no such thing as Objective Morality. CMV
I believe, from a nonreligious and completely logic-based view, that since we respect human life, abortion, until we learn WHEN life begins, should be considered murder and should be handled by the states, to protect the rights of what, at the very least, could be a human life. CMV.
I think that there should not be any defined political parties in the United States government. CMV
I believe that Photography, along with similar university/college qualifications, are on the whole useless and should not be taught. CMV.
As a 3 time college dropout who has learned how to program from books. I believe that college is not essential to learn and be successful. CMV
I think following trends and seeking solidarity lessens you as an individual. CMV
I believe marijuana should be legalised. CMV
I think that many of the major pro-gun arguments are fallacious. CMV.
I believe that the concept of "if a guy/girl doesn't pursue you after you say no (to a relationship or sex), (s)he never really liked you" has some significant negative implications. CMV
God is not real. He is our ignorance. CMV
I believe that the artist's intention matters. CMV Pls
Reddit Karma doesn't exist, so I don't care about it. CMV.
I don't think I should tell my significant other about grinding at a club. CMV
I believe that eugenics when controlling for medical conditions and intelligence/strength(not class/race) should be implemented. CMV
I think that religiosity undermines the ability to be a good scientist. Religion may not be used as a protected status if it impedes the ability to do the job. Thus, religiosity should be reasonable grounds for dismissal in a job in science.
Opposition to Monsanto (a business) and opposition to GMOs (a technology) are two entirely different arguments. CMV.
I believe that being a soldier doesn't make you a hero. CMV
I believe most religions are "ticking time bombs". CMV
I believe that the term 'cyber bullying' is only used by the media to capitalize on older generations aversion to technology. CMV.
I believe Genetically modified crops are good for us, Change My View.
I believe that knowing all sides of the argument can be detrimental to decision making - CMV
I believe that high schools should teach computer languages over secondary languages. CMV
I think a woman who is being victimized in domestic abuse and doesn't get out is foolish. CMV
Everyone is equal intellectually, barring physical complications and conditions and emotional and mental disorders. CMV.
I do not believe that blackmail (extortion is different) should be illegal. CMV
I'm an Atheist interested in Christianity. CMV to Christianity.
I believe that the common strive for "equality" is flawed. CMV
I think we should not encourage so many people to go to college. CMV
TCMV Tuesday 5/28/13
I am a student opposed to all tuition fees for higher education. CMV
I believe that homosexuality isn't something people are born with. CMV
I am convinced that Marijuana is harmful to the brain. CMV?
I don't think a person can be a Narcissist and not be a sociopath. CMV.
It takes more work and discipline to become rich than to get fit, go to college, find a romantic partner, etc., or any other serious life goal. CMV
I believe Occam' s Razor to be an extremely naive concept CMV
I believe that /r/circlebroke is full of whiney, hypocrites that really need to get a life and start enjoying the world &amp; see the funny side of things. CMV.
I don't believe that any idea which violates the verification principle can benefit my life. CMV.
I do not believe that Feminism as an idea should exist. CMV
I think those convicted of drunk driving should be sent to prison on the first offense; CMV
I think most people are more intelligent than most people would have me think. CMV
I believe alcoholism is a disease. CMV.
Teachers and schools should not be allowed I take students' phones.
World Peace is not and will never be an achievable goal CMV
My outlook on life is summed by Aldous Huxley, that man is an island and will forever be alone. CMV
I believe that when handing out punishment in court, the narrowly legal should be followed and social aspects should not be taken into account - CMV
I believe that carving your name into the tops of the pyramids or on the Great Wall of China is not a big deal and everyone overreacts. CMV.
CMV - I believe that aggression is an evolved behavior and that humans are naturally aggressive.
Contrary to popular opinion, I don't think Cartoon Network has taken a turn for the worse. CMV
I don't think I have any unearned advantages for being white, CMV
CMV- Marijuana should never be legalized anywhere.
Preaching against homosexuality and gay marriage is basically hate speech. CMV
Not all muslimes are terrorits but nowadays most terrorists are muslims, I beleive there is something in the fundamental Islamic philosophy that is causing this. CMV
My desire for strong gun control and open access to 3D printers are in conflict CMV
If anything should be censored on television then it should be violence/gore instead of nudity/sex. CMV
I don't believe corporations should pay taxes. CMV
I believe light people should be privileged when travelling with a plane. CMV.
Conservatives hate the environment. CMV
I believe in the gender binary and that "alternative gender identities" are invalid.
I believe that favoritism in the workplace is a natural extension of our human bias CMV
I think highly religious people have some form of mild OCD. CMV
I believe that people presenting Chronic Pain to an ER and reporting a high level of pain should have narcotics made available to them without interrogation or disbelief. i.e., that it is better to reward “addicts” than it is to punish people in intractable pain. CMV
I think that the "Everybody wins" attitude that is projected upon children is harmful to us as a people, making us weaker. CMV.
I believe all attempts to change one's life to become happy are futile, based on an understanding of the Hedonic Treadmill. CMV
CMV - I believe that if gay marriage is legalized, there is no possible argument against incestuous marriage
After billions spent on HIV research, it became more profitable to sell meds for the infected than it would be to sell a vaccine to everyone, so we'll only see a vaccine when this scenario invert. CMV.
I don't see the benefit of ID cards CMV
I believe that abortion or intentional premature birth should be allowed at any stage of pregnancy CMV
I don't think eating right and exercising help to prevent most of the diseases it is said to
[CMV] The Obama administration's treatment of whistle blowers and civil liberties has been overblown by the press and the GOP.
I believe that 9/11 was not a tragic event in U.S history CMV
[Canadian politics] I believe that the Indian Act should be abolished and Aboriginal people should be treated the same as any other Canadian. CMV.
I think that those who suffer from depression and other mental illnesses and want to end their lives should be allowed to do so. CMV
Star Wars is far more interesting than Star Trek CMV
I believe that corruption is a major problem in effectiveness of charity to foreign countries. CMV
I think the only reason the American government hasn't been supplanted by the military or some other force in the last 120 years is because as more countries became democratic, the US saw itself as the leader so nobody wants to change it. (CMV)
Law enforcement can effect levels of drug use CMV
I see no issue with aborting babies who will be born with a crippling disease, no matter what stage it is in. CMV.
I think that there is nothing I can do to ultimately help solving global warming (CMV)
I think that the U.S. is slowly becoming like Oceania from George Orwell's "1984." CMV
I think people with incurable, hereditary diseases should be sterilized to stop the disease from continuing into the next generation. CMV
I believe that the world would be better off if everyone was so-called "Color-blind." CMV
I believe that our government shouldn't donate money to poor countries. CMV
If someone is asked a simple question to solve a murder, and they plead the fifth, they are guilty and the following legal hubbub is a waste of time. CMV.
[CMV] I think tragedies such as the Boston Marathon bombings and even school shootings are nothing compared to the death tolls of other things and should not be given so much attention.
I don't think it would matter if "I" was to commit suicide
I think a wife should take a husbands last name. CMV
There is not enough reasons that Scandinavia isn't a country instead of Denmark, Norway and Sweden.
I believe completing a degree in a STEM major requires more work than completing a degree in a non-STEM major. CMV.
Being willing to change your homophobic, sexist, or racist views doesn't make it right to broadcast those views CMV
I believe that Socrates was only a fabrication by Plato and never actually existed. CMV.
I believe the US should end military aid to foreign countries. CMV.
I believe that the US has the right and responsibility to settle disputes in foreign countries with military action. CMV
I believe "reality television" is no better or worse than regular television programming. CMV.
It's really, really rude in more serious sub-reddits such as this to downvote a legitimate comment and not make a post explaining why. CMV
I think anyone who's view can be changed after reading a few sentences from a stranger on the internet does not think carefully enough about the views they hold. CMV
I think that the South didn't attack Fort Sumter, I think the North did. CMV
I believe marijuana is a gateway drug CMV.
I believe the European Muslim society't doing enough to curb the extremists in their midst. CMV
I believe marijuana should be and stay illegal
I believe that a degree isn't essential in our days to be able to make money.
I believe there is no way to justify child labor or that any good can come of it. CMV
I believe that we should reduce the sentencing of acquaintance rape in order to increase conviction rates. CMV
I believe that handkerchiefs are great. CMV.
I think that not voting for either candidate in a presidential election simply because you disagree/dislike both of their views is absurd. CMV
I would kill 1 person to save 2. CMV
I really want a fast car but I love the mountains and going outdoors so it wouldn't be practical. CMV on why I shouldn't get a fast car.
I do not believe the Founding Fathers are worthy of respect, nor should their opinions or intentions be considered in regards to US policy
People living in luxury shouldn't reduce their standard of living so that we can share the world's limited resources. -CMV
I believe race based affirmative action should be phased out for 'class' or 'income' based affirmative action. CMV.
I believe that only fundamentalists can honestly call themselves Christians - CMV
I believe that morality is purely fabricated (moral nihilism) and that it is impossible to have moral absolutes. This scares me somewhat. CMV
I don't think that people should get extra time on tests CMV
I believe the current jury system in the USA is unfair. CMV
I believe that the human brain is essentially a machine and because of this free will is an illusion CMV
I think piracy is about as wrong as breaking the speed limit in the left lane. CMV
I believe that kids should not be allowed in a movie theater after a certain time, whether it's a kid's movie or otherwise. CMV
I think that people that like animals and eat (most) meats are hypocrites. CMV
The older members of my family are convinced that technology in school has forever altered the learning experience. I say no it hasn't.
Human burial is a waste of money and real estate. CMV
As disappointed as I am with current US government, its crime against humanity is nowhere near what Japanese did during WW2. CMV
Youtube gaming channels and "Let's Players" do not have the right to show an entire video game and accordingly have no right to complain when the game company intervenes, CMV
Citizens United was correctly decided. CMV.
I cannot take any feminist seriously. CMV
Courses that are not useful for finding employment should not be taught in universities CMV; Also bonus CMV about leftist bias in universities
I believe there will not be a technological singularity. CMV
The right for gay couples to be married should be considered a religious argument covered by the 1st Amendment. CMV
I believe that being an Asian male makes you invisible in the dating or hookup culture CMV
I believe that globalization has done no wrongs to people or the environment CMV
I am a republican, I am against monarchism and believe citizens should elect their own president. Please, CMV
I think a prerequisite of going to war should include a significant tax increase on American citizens. Also, the wars should be voted on by the people. CMV
I think declaring independent (US politics) is complete garbage. Everyone should declare a party. CMV.
I think that masturbation clears the mind and can lead to productivity. CMV
I think possession and making of child porn should not be a criminal offence, CMV
I believe that Kantian ethics stands as a good guide to live your life by. CMV.
I think gender studies degrees are an absolute waste of time and nobody with one should be surprised they work at a Starbucks now. CMV
I do not think that 'gnostic agnosticism', the position as a few people in /r/agnostic claim to hold, is a logical and justified philosophical position.
If the original three Star Wars Episodes came out today and no one had seen them yet, they would be panned by critics and fans like the new Episodes.
Liberal Arts degrees are fairly worthless, because your success in those fields entirely depends on what you as a person, and not what you learn in the classroom. You cannot be taught to be successful in the Arts. CMV
I think age segregation in schools are terrible. CMV
I think teaching is a fairly easy job and teachers, on a whole, complain far too much for how difficult their load is. CMV
I think objective morality is a ridiculous concept that doesn't exist; CMV
I believe that the Commander in Chief (The President of the United States) should be with our troops during times of war on or near the battlefield until the war is resolved. CMV
I believe that the "right" to self-determination of individuals and cultures should not be held above other things like safety and happiness. CMV
I think The Prestige is a stupid movie with a dumb and unrealistic twist. (Spoilers in comments)
I got a poor score on my SAT and I'm questioning how smart i really am. I feel pretty stupid. CMV
I believe that the US has neither the right nor responsibility to settle disputes in foreign countries with military action. CMV
I believe that the rehabilitative prison model for serious violent crimes is unjust towards the victims as well as people living in extreme poverty. CMV
I love smoking. I think it feels great, I think it is worth the risk and I think it's cool. CMV
I believe you CANNOT work/do school assignments, while under the effects of marijuana. CMV
I think globalization is just an excuse to make companies richer CMV
Recycling needs to be mandatory practically everywhere - CMV
I am an Antinatalist. CMV
I think politicians should be legally required to do things that they promised to do before the election if they win. CMV
I believe that the media, politics, and the church are the most to blame for sexism, racism, homophobia and class-ism in America. CMV
I think fat acceptance is terrible. CMV
I believe that there should be a limit on how many children people can have, as the world is becoming overpopulated. Or we could us population control. CMV
I believe that humanity would be better off living in a Matrix-like utopia with no capacity to do evil than in the world we live in right now. CMV
I am confident that the world is becoming less religious. CMV.
I believe that reddit and the Internet consists of at least 70% North Americans. CMV!
I believe that the US has neither the right nor responsibility to settle disputes in foreign countries with military action. CMV
I have a will, but I have not got free will. CMV
I believe people should be federally licensed to have children.
I believe that the US has neither the right nor responsibility to settle disputes in foreign countries with military action. CMV
I believe that abortion should be allowed in certain circumstances. CMV.
I believe that economists are given too much credit. CMV.
CMV I don't believe women make less than men CMV
I believe that people lived and live too sheltered lives to realize how much freedom they enjoy. CMV
I think some atheists exhibit just as much faith as religious individuals.
If a bill fails to pass, there should be a mandatory waiting period before it or a similar substitute can be reintroduced. CMV
I believe Melbourne is the sporting capital of the world. CMV
I believe Obama should be impeached and tried in civilian court for the unlawful killing of US Citizens in drone strikes. CMV.
I can't stand the fact that my life is insignificant. CMV.
I believe that poor, uneducated people should not be allowed to vote in elections. CMV.
The Call of duty series isn't as bad as people say.CMV
I believe that a considerable amount controversial CMV posts on this subreddit are simply people posting the opposite of what they believe in order to have someone come up with an argument for them against it
Reddit is full of pretentious assholes, naive ideologues, and angsty overprivileged first-worlders who know nothing about adversity. Its only value is in its wide array of content. CMV.
I believe forced specialization and rigid divisions of labor are an artifact of pre-digital institutions, but that forced, time-based specialization should have much less of a role in the digital age. CMV.
I am a monarchist, read the text and let's see if you can attempt to CMV.
I believe you cannot understand anything you do not already know. CMV
I believe that the US government is using HAARP as a means to control the weather. CMV
I think finding the "cause" of homosexuality is an irrelevant and useless plight. CMV.
I Believe that the Most Gun Control that is Needed is Background Checks. CMV
i believe that the Criminal Justice system should be about rehabilitation and not about punishment CMV.
I believe that laws in society aren't influenced by the religious views of the general populous within the society, CMV.
"Gift Cards" make for awful and pointless gifts CMV
I believe that no form of spirituality would ever be helpful to me personally. CMV
I believe that in Islam, violence is seen as an acceptable means of expression. CMV
The pope is unworthy of praise. CMV.
[CMV] Homosexuality is Bad / Fertility is Good
I believe we should not have a national bank (Federal Reserve). CMV
Newton and Einstein were wrong, and the Physics they theorized is false. CMV
Punishing bullies is a form of bullying, and isn't effective to combat the cycle of bullying. CMV.
I believe that history as an academic discipline is useless, CMV.
I believe that mentally handicapped children should not be given a special treatment. CMV
I can't stand the thought of eating mushrooms. CMV
Globalization is in no way beneficial to the environment. CMV
I believe that endangered species should be left to die. CMV
I believe the US. Electoral College should be abolished, CMV
I am an atheist, however I agree with the Christian Church's decision to not allow same-sex marriage. CMV?
I think that showering daily is not only a waste of water but is also not very good for your skin. CMV
I believe parents are solely responsible for their child's behavior. CMV.
I think my chances of being with this girl are screwed. CMV.
I believe perpetration of discrimination based on [insert legally-protected class here] is as deserving of punishment in the private sector as it is in the public sector. CMV
There should be a cut-off voting age around ~50-60. CMV.
I believe that "comment karma" should be employed only to sort comments in a thread, and should not be reflected on a user's profile. CMV
I believe you can leave a healthy and long life on a vegetarian diet. CMV
Genetically modified foods with more nutrients etc. should replace non-GMO foods and should be the only type of food available for purchase (where possible). CMV
I think it's ok to pee in the shower
I believe that PC is better than consoles, and probably always will be, CMV
Children shouldn't have to get vaccines if their parents don't want them to. CMV
I believe that public suicide of any form, for any reason, is vulgar and deserving of condemnation. CMV
I believe life was better before. CMV
I believe that any belief in a god that is not disprovable is too vague to take seriously, CMV
I believe that Americans do not profile Muslims in the search for terrorism suspects at all-CMV
I don't think there isnany viable reason to start smoking cigarettes, EVER. CMV
The female, not the male, determines all the conditions of the animal family. Where the female can derive no benefit from association with the male, no such association takes place. CMV
I believe that immigrants are a threat to European citizens and culture. Please change my view.
I think the voting age should be lowered. CMV
I don't think an Xbox Live subscription is worth it. CMV
I believe the Men's Rights Movement is driven by fear. CMV
I think that no one is entitled to another person's money/material assets simply by being in a relationship with them. CMV
"A lack of voter participation is not a problem to a functioning democracy. CMV."
I am convinced that caloric intake (net calories in a day) is the only important aspect to weight loss. CMV
The Iraq War was both just and necessary. CMV.
I believe gay marriage is wrong. CMV
I think bassists are useless in a band. CMV
I believe all news organisations bias and sensationalist and thus are not trustworthy sources of information and should be ignored. CMV.
I think civilization as we know it will end during my life time. CMV
[META] I suggest that deltas be "refreshed" every so often.
I believe it is in the best interest of the US to allow and even encourage the conflict in Syria to continue indefinitely. CMV.
I think we should tax fast food. CMV
CMV That European Settlement was good to Aboriginals.
I think that NuWho is one of the dumbest shows ever and panders to the lowest common denominator of "sci-fi" fans. CMV.
I believe that police shooting someone in self defence is the same as the courts applying the death penalty.
I believe interactions on Facebook can substitute for time spent with family, friends, workplace and real life social networks.
I believe understanding the origins of words is usually as important as their definitions. CMV
I don't think people should think they are special. CMV
I believe that 'anti-homphobia' movements largely serve to encourage further inequality in society. CMV
I think the financial market should be restricted to state-owned banks, CMV.
I believe that Gorbachev was the main person who ended the cold war, and not Ronald Reagan CMV
My friend is trying to convince me to go to Turkey (from Nepal and on the way to Europe) because she loves the history and I don't share the same interest. CMV
I think Suburbia/Commuter Culture is a terrible idea and should be stopped. CMV.
I believe that being Pro-Choice makes you Pro-Abortion. CMV
I believe that online dating for males only works if you're white and tall especially for hookups CMV
I don't think religious reasons are valid, for anything really, because religions are not based on reason. CMV
I believe most people are inherently selfless, CMV.
I dislike the popularity of the term "bleeding heart liberal" on the grounds that conservatives, and really people from all political parties, are probably equally guilty of emotional reasoning. CMV.
I believe that polyamory should be promoted more in media - and that the binary "She Must Choose One" trope is harmful for everyone. CMV
[Mod Post] Announcing our new "Popular Topics Wiki"
I do not believe there is any inappropriate or off-limits humor. CMV
I believe bullying both on and offline serves an important social development function. CMV.
I don't support suicide because I believe that everyone can be helped
I believe that the demands for more publicity for women sports to promote gender equality are complete hypocritical. CMV.
I'm a South Asian girl who doesn't like arranged marriages. CMV
A pregnant woman is not harder to deal with than a woman on her period [CMV]
I believe that China should be allowed to enforce its one child policy due to population control. CMV
I think that most higher math proofs are useless for any practical matter. CMV
As a person with no scientific expertise, no vast sums of money to spend, and nothing to really set himself above the rest of the shlubs like me, who was born in 1983, I think that it's very likely that I will be able to walk on the moon or at least go into orbit before I die. CMV
I believe that nuclear power is an unreliable energy source that is not worth investing in. CMV
A deep desire to inform yourself is necessary to the definition of a healthy adult. Please CMV.
I believe that in normal circumstances, wearing anything nicer than a t-shirt and jeans makes one seem shallow. Please, CMV.
I think voting is a waste of time. CMV
Modern American culture hands out praise to children too easily, and sets those children up for disappointment. CMV.
I don't see how romantic relationships are supposed to be amazing, CMV
I am unimpressed by the accomplishments of North American natives. CMV
I believe things like the abuses of the Patriot act make today's DOJ and IRS scandal look insignificant by comparison. CMV.
I believe the harms of drone strikes outweigh the benefits. CMV
This probably won't get any serious responses, but here goes: I am in favor of gay marriage being legal in the USA. CMV.
I've been raised to always have my wallet, keys, and phone on me. CMV
CMV - International Law is meaningless. Powerful states do what they want. Weak states maneuver as well as they can around the powerful ones. But there is no law.
A person in a committed monogamous relationship is obligated to fulfill their partners sexual needs. CMV
I do not believe animal experimentation should be legal; its cruel, breaks animals rights, and is just morally wrong...CMV
I believe that r/cringe and r/cringepics does nothing but perpetuate cyberbullying. CMV.
I don't believe a truly objective and scientific mentality will ever be able to harmonize with religion. CMV.
I do not regret the growth in drone warefare- CMV
I believe that America's two-party system ruins our democracy. CMV
I believe that copyright is a completely meaningless notion. CMV.
I think techno is a worthless genre of music that requires no talent.
I believe euthanasia is a justifiable way to end a loved ones suffering, change my view.
You do not need to build a relationship when negotiating with Southern Asian countries CMV
I believe successful diets work due to calorie restriction, not fancy metabolic 'reasoning', e.g. Keto - Ketosis; CMV.
I don't think disabled/handicapped people deserve any more respect than the generally able. CMV
I don't believe in any objective morality. CMV
I believe tipping is great, but I am unsure if my tip amount is to be determined by the amount of money I spend. CMV.
Stalin had smallest role in deciding the fate of Europe after/during the conference at Yalta after WW2.
I believe countries should have the right to dictate whether another country can harbor nuclear weapons.. CMV
I think the concept of a karma-score that is linked to somebody's profile is extremely harmful to the content of reddit and will eventually be the reason I'll stop visiting this website. CMV
I do not believe in "natural rights". CMV
I believe that it is all but impossible to be 100% homosexual or 100% heterosexual in orientation. CMV
I am strongly considering taking back my girlfriend after she cheated with me for the second time. CMV
I think having kids and getting married is a huge mistake. CMV
I believe that Japan's war crimes were just as atrocious as Germany's in World War II. CMV
I think that children should be spanked as a form of punishment. CMV
I don't think I should bother with going to prom next year. CMV
If I had the power to remove all fat people in this world, I would do it without hesitation. CMV.
I believe that most stay at home parents of either gender are basically on an extended vacation, especially those whose children are in school. CMV
I believe that Pluto should still be regarded as the ninth planet in our solar system and the last several years when it has been excluded should be ignored
I think NASA as well as other countries space programs have little value and that the budget cuts against them are warranted. CMV
Emotions don't effect the Natural Sciences
I believe that affirmative action is a great thing and should not be discontinued. CMV
The Green and Libertarian Parties are a waste, and people who want to advance those causes should work within the Republican and Democratic parties instead.
I believe that both Feminists and MRAs have valid points, but neither side truly fights for equality.. CMV.
I believe that cloning, such as with animals (Dolly), is completely unjustifiable, and serves no benefit in human advancement. CMV
Pedophiles are some of the most pitiable people in modern society. CMV
I believe I chose my own sexuality. CMV
I think video games shouldn't be called sports. Not even "esports", CMV.
I believe that no one gets their morality from the bible. CMV
I feel that high school athletes should be required to take random drug tests throughout the season for both recreational and performance enhancing drugs. CMV.
Winston Churchill is overrated.
I do not think that "friendzone" is a real thing and I really do not get the hype. CMV
There's nothing wrong with being sexually attracted to an underage female that has gone through puberty. CMV.
I think it is ok to let children swear. CMV.
I believe that the Unites States was justified in dropping nuclear bombs on Japan in 1945. CMV
I do not believe large-scale infringements on privacy are worth opposing. CMV
I don't want to have kids when I'm an adult. I think they're useless especially since I am one and know. CMV
I think r/politics should try a week of CMV's blank rating system, CMV
I think that the television show "24" is a formulaic and shallow action series. CMV
I believe that reverse racism/sexism is a real and growing concern. CMV
I think the default subreddit system is flawed. CMV
I think it is shortsighted and ultimately extremely damaging, both to children and to society, to divide schoolchildren into grades based on the year in which they were born. CMV.
I think aliens have come here several time to manipulate us in some way to raise our intelligence for a yet unknown reason. CMV
I'm a Christian and have been raised in a Christian home, but recently I've been having doubts. CMV
I think smoking in public (on public property) should be illegal: violators should be fined. CMV!
Wearing hats during the National Anthem
I am if the belief that same sex unions should not be called marriage because marriage has always been a religious rite. CMV
I think that it's wrong to say a certain song is bad because it doesn't have real people playing/singing it. CMV.
I think that prices in North America should include taxes. CMV
I think it's perfectly normal to use a GPS to find my way around for small distances. CMV.
I believe that most of what is called "circle-jerking" in /r/atheism is pretty much justified. Atheists are a persecuted minority across most of the world, and discrimination against them is a huge problem. CMV
I'm a Catholic(for context) and I believe that the actuality of one's free will is irrelevant so long as one's belief in his free will exists. CMV.
I do not think that gay/lesbian individuals should be allowed to marry individuals of the same sex. CMV
I think that it is wrong that mainstream media disregards the fact that Tamerlan and Dzhokar Tsarbaev (more commonly referred to as the Boston bombers) were white. CMV
I think /r/niggers and all its users should be banned. CMV
I believe it should be significantly harder for a person in the US to obtain a driver's license. CMV
I believe that MSNBC is bad for American liberals, progressives, and the left. CMV.
I think homosexuality actually is a mental disorder. CMV
I believe that the Palestinian people are just as responsible for the segregation as the Israelis. CMV
I think fanfiction is NOT inherently less worthy of recognition as art, than any accepted medium or genre. CMV
I see no reason to dust furniture or mop the floor. CMV
I don't think it is wrong to tazer this woman who may have died from injuries from being tazed CMV
I believe that bringing children into our already over populated planet is one of the most irresponsible things an educated adult can can do. CMV
I believe education is not a conduit for upward mobility for otherwise disadvantages youths, and in fact inhibits them from pursuing a realistic job. CMV
I believe humans are practically the only intelligent life in the universe. CMV
There is a god. CMV.
I believe that most people have negligible influence on the world and therefore their views are meaningless, CMV
I don't believe that the research of most English professors in research universities is valuable CMV
Leonardo da Vinci was a good painter &amp; illustrator but not a polymath, and doesn't come anywhere near geniuses like Newton
The universe isn't endless and does in fact, have an 'end point'. CMV
Using the symptoms of mental illness as an insult for the madness of ordinary people isn't hate speech. CMV.
CMV Religious Diversity isn't helping society grow.
The death penalty should be WIDELY implemented for repeat offenders- people who have demonstrated time and time again that they cannot operate within society. CMV.
I believe that charges and accusations regarding criminal offenses should be the same regardless of outcome. CMW.
It is not a big deal that an African American is playing Johnny in the fantastic four reboot
I believe that fast food and other unhealthy foods should be taxed extra CMV
I believe that the concept of tipping is unnecessary; I believe that the US custom of tipping your server/waiter/bartender is flawed and that employers should be paying servers a wage amount that does not require tipping custom/system CMV
I believe 3D is a childish gimmick, contributes nothing to a film's quality, and makes the industry inaccessible for new filmmakers. CMV
I think that most things made by Nintendo (3DS, WiiU, Super Mario Bros/Smash, etc.) are only played by nostalgic gamers and they will soon run out of business. CMV
[Mod Post] Updates and plans for ahead
I think economics is bullshit, because money and property rights are actually fictitious. CMV.
I believe that our society is headed in the direction of the movie "Idiocracy". CMV.
I believe that ultimately no one is responsible for any of their actions. CMV.
I think that atheists and homosexuals should not want the right of marriage at all. CMV
I absolutely despise the homeless, change my view
I have come to the conclusion that pursuing a intimate relationship for myself would be selfish and immoral. Please CMV.
I believe that Lycurgus was the greatest of all the Greek reformers. CMV!
I believe that children raised without siblings are more self-centred and selfish than those with siblings. CMV
Every aspect of technology in our lives is improving the way we live. CMV
GMO foods which have been approved for human consumption pose no risk to human health, and have no inherent problems. CMV
Faxing, Home Phones and Cable TV are a waste to use in any capacity because of the internet, people who pay money for these services happily aren't living in today's world CMV
CMV -- Transgendered people should be trying to change society, not their bodies (x-post r/ainbow)
I am a life-long atheist and believe in the benefits of secular humanism, CMV
I think Ron Paul is right and that the fiat currency we have is going to lead to catastrophic and (for all intents and purposes) permanent financial collapse. CMV
I think our modern urbanized society is so unnatural to our minds that is causes unhappiness and mental illness. CMV
I believe Keynesian practices are the best solution to recessions and economic downturns. CMV
I think TV should never curse or use profanity no matter what time. CMV
I believe the US stock market operates primarily as a large scale Ponzi Scheme. Please CMV
I believe that the U.S. Senate filibuster should be changed. CMV
I believe that being highly intelligent or "Genius" is an inherited, genetic trait that can't be learned and if you don't have it you never will, CMV.
I think the life-imprisonment penalty should be abolished. Everyone should be given a second chance. CMV
I believe celebrities shouldn't make more money than the average citizen of their country. If not less. CMV
I don't believe Marijuana is the miracle plant it is made out to be on reddit CMV.
I don't think the wearing of seat-belts or motorcycle/bicycle helmets should be compulsory. CMV
I think Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) also known as ME (or "yuppie flu") is a mental illness, not a disease. CMV
I believe worrying about every little thing and obsessing over perfection are the keys to happiness in life. CMV
Im Pro-choice, CMV
I don't think there should be restrictions on the placement of speed cameras. CMV.
I think public service should be mandatory prior to full citizenship (USA) - CMV
I believe that 9/11 was an inside job done by the U.S government.
I believe Horror has become the cynicism of the (modern) writing world. CMV
I believe Autism is NOT related to visual perception of motion deficits. CMV.
I believe health insurance as a primary form of coverage for medical expenses in the United States is a sham, and that expanding coverage to more people will do very little/nothing to solve the problem of rising costs. CMV
I believe the US government should get rid of the penny like Canada has done. CMV
I don't think people are automatically entitled to free healthcare and education. CMV.
I am a Christian that knows homosexuality is a sin, but as in American I believe it should be allowed CMV?
I believe that, in general, most abortions should be illegal because of how far along in potentiality the would-be human is. CMV.
I believe that most kids who have medication for AD/HD are faking it and just want attention. CMV
I think the United States should maintain an isolationist foreign policy, CMV
I think that war is good. CMV
I believe the costs of the Three Gorges Dam heavily outweigh the benefits. CMV.
I think being a surgeon is an overrated job. CMV
The best character on The Office was Creed. CMV
I strongly support ObamaCare. CMV.
I think Amy and Samy of Amy's Baking Company/Kitchen Nightmares are mentally ill and should not be made a spectacle of any further. CMV
I think that blaming religion for the majority of wars in human history is a case built on extreme ignorance, CMV.
I believe Presidents should be treated by respect regardless of if you agree with their policies or not.
I don't believe a man/woman can really genuinely change their sex, and they should not be referred to as their changed sex. CMV.
I think having a minimum wage is bad. CMV.
I believe Thomas Edison just has a bad rep on the internet and is actually a great inventor...
My friend claims that the bible has shaped more of human culture than anything else in existence. - CMV
I think that George Zimmerman is almost certainly innocent of murder, and probably acted in self-defence. CMV.
I think tipping is a bad system that should be eliminated. CMV.
I believe we should operate a non-representative no-party political system. CMV
The Celcius temperature scale makes more sense and is superior to the Fahrenheit temperature scale in every way. CMV if you can.
I believe that most people project their own personal problems and issues onto society as a whole in order to absolve themselves of personal responsibility. CMV
Brass Knuckles should be legal, CMV.
I believe that the new form of Republicanism, is propagating lies and hindering progress in our country(United States).CMV
I don't believe r/atheism should be a default subreddit. I've never heard a good argument for it being one other than "they would freak out if it were removed", so I'm here. CMV
I think movies are better than books, CMV
I believe taking money from the stupid and ignorant should not be a crime. CMV.
I believe ALL drugs should be legalized. CMV.
Zoophilia is not inherently immoral. CMV
It is absolutely unreasonable for people to praise Pope Francis.
I think that there are way too many parents nowadays claiming their kids have a "learning disorder" instead of making them work harder. CMV
I believe that getting rid of corporate tax in the US would greatly benefit America. CMV
I don't care about the Holocaust, CMV
I believe Walmart exploits women and others on welfare, as well as pays employees low enough to force them to shop there, destroying local economies. CMV(or Change OUR Views)
I believe that the Queers Against Israeli Apartheid movement, along with accusations of "Pinkwashing", is based more on a dislike of Israel than an objective problem with those particular actions and is thusly discriminatory and unfair. CMV
I think rape porn is despicable and that it should be made illegal in the U.S. CMV
I think the government shouldn't be able to use drones (security, predator, etc..) of any type.
I don't believe that eugenics is inherently bad. CMV
I think Atheism is a narrow-minded and arrogant ideology. CMV
I believe that people who label themselves "genderqueer" are attention-seekers. CMV
I think r/politics has become so liberal that a conservative cannot express their well-reasoned opinions. CMV.
Physician assisted suicide should be legal. cmv
Convince me why I (specifically) should become a democrat/liberal. I'm white, American, doctor, religious. CMV
I think that people with catatonic pyschosis should have the right to end their life CMV
I believe US doctors &amp; hospitals are typically a waste of time, and modern medicine isn't as evolved as we perceive it to be. CMV
I believe marriage should be dissolved and if not, people should be trained in parenthood and go through a training course about Parenthood. CMV
I posit that capitalism is inherently auto-cannibalistic and cannot/should not exist without stringent regulation. CMV
America is not a terrible country. CMV
Politics shouldn't be based on the persons own morals, but the view of the constituents. CMV!
There is no good alternative to a democratic form of government. CMV
I believe that there is no such thing as "the middle class."
I don't believe that the "T" in LGBT should be included. CMV.
I don't think attorney client privilege should exist. CMV
The US shouldn't have a bicameral legislature. CMV.
I believe the government should regulate fast food. CMV
I think marijuana should remain illegal. CMV.
Humans will never colonize any celestial body outside our solar system. The race is ultimately doomed. CMV.
Nuclear power is bad for the planet. It is dangerous and worse than fossil fuels. CMV
I believe all stop signs should be replaced with "yield" signs, four-way intersections turned into roundabouts, and speed limits on highways should be abolished. CMV.
I believe the atheism retort, "I just believe in one fewer god than you do," could be similarly applied to vegetarianism - "I just consume [a finite number] fewer animals than you do" -- and this means either a) that the two are defensible on similar grounds or b) the retort is dumb. CMV.
I believe that it is impossible to motivate high school students in a lasting way if they are not already internally motivated to graduate and do well in school. CMV
I believe that fat people have no right to complain about their body, as it is their fault for being fat and not working to change that. CMV.
I believe public safety should always take precedence over officer safety. CMV
I believe the last two seasons of The Sopranos dragged the series out of the pantheon of best TV series of all time. CMV
I find jailbroken iOS to be superior to Android. CMV.
I think Mormons that live in Utah and Idaho are close-minded. CMV.
When someone falsely accuses someone of a crime (e.g. Rape) I do not think the accuser should get the same sentence as that of a guilty conviction of the accused. CMV
I believe that Batman and Iron Man are not real superheroes because they don't have superpowers. CMV.
I believe America would benefit greatly from having a dual executive. One to handle domestic issues, and another for international.
I believe that global Utopia is possible within this century. CMV
I'm convinced that Islamic culture and countries are aggressively incompatible with modern society and should be isolated from the rest of the world. CMV.
I think that just because Angelina Jolie had a masectomy, that is no reason for the media to be hailing her as a hero. CMV.
People are not completely responsible for their actions because they do not have true free will. CMV.
I feel the current structure for political campaign financing in the US has the most internal potential to economically ruin the country. CMV.
I believe a significant portion of CMVs are vulnerable to the Boomerang Effect. CMV
I always believed that the balance of power between record labels and its artists before the 1960's stayed pretty constant. CMV
I don't think the government should have any roll or influence in society. CMV.
I think that the IRS should go after groups that file for tax exemption if they are a political group. CMV
I believe that all religions, alternative medicines, psychics, and other similar feel-good beliefs are purely irrational productions of the fear of death. CMV
I think the Canadian conservative government did an impressive and good thing with the tax free savings account. CMV
I believe there is no such thing as true free will, because our brains follow specific patterns, and cannot be changed. As such, things like laziness and addictions can't be fixed in people. CMV
I don't think the state of Israel should exist. cmv
The ideal National Socialist society (or at least what I've understood to be some of the central ideas of it) sounds pretty good to me. CMV
I believe that sports drinks are just overpriced substitutes for water and dont help performance. CMV
I am boycotting Diablo 3 &amp; Defiance because of their online always policy. CMV
I think returning to the gold standard is a bad idea. CMV
A lot of people take pride in being a patriot, I believe patriotism only encourages conflict. CMV
I want to drop out of high school and just get my GED instead. CMV.
I think all drugs should be leagalised. CMV
I don't think that "the economy" is a good excuse for college grads being unemployed, and they mostly just think they're too "superior" for menial jobs out of their field. CMV
I don't see anything wrong with how the Obama administration has handled the unfortunate attack on Benghazi. CMV
I believe that having women's only shelters/schools/events etc. is extremely degrading to men due to the lack of men only places or events, and when there is something deemed men only it is considered sexist. CMV
I've become so jaded from Reddit and other parts of the internet that I truly fear that the vast majority of white people around me either hold racist views or prejudge me/my white girlfriend for dating me. (I'm black) CMV.
I am supremely uncomfortable around the mentally disabled. Please, please CMV.
I don't think it's all that bad that the Justice Department monitored AP phone calls, and I don't think we should expect complete privacy, in general. CMV
I believe that memes are not a serious medium which ideas can be conferred through. CMV
I believe the recent invasion of /r/AdviceAnimals has ruined this subreddit, resulting in a marked increase in clichéd or opinion-based questions and a huge drop in quality. CMV.
I think personal material heritage is evil for society, CMV
I think that African Americans have it pretty good CMV
I believe it's perfectly alright to say atheists are going to hell. CMV
I believe criticizing certain traits (e.g. homosexuality) as being "evolutionarily maladaptive" is pointless and often a justification for bigotry. CMV
I don't think it makes any sense to have the T part in the LGBT movement CMV
No important ideas were actually conveyed in the movie "The Truman Show". CMV.
People tell me to watch the show Avatar the Last Airbender because it's apparently great, but no one has really explained to me why. Also I have a hard time looking past the fact that it's animated. CMV
When I see someone who is obese, I immediately think of them as stupid or lazy. CMV
Of all current nation states, I think the USA is most akin to National Socialist Germany. Please CMS
I think religion is going into a serious decline and will be regarded as a superfluous topic by the 22nd century. (Particularly in the western world, not so much in the islamic states although I suspect they will follow eventually) CMV
CMV that zombies are not a metaphor for humanity.
I believe that convicted pedophiles should be demonized and killed rather than helped. CMV
A believe waking up every morning for School/Work is wasting my life. CMV
I believe the current government system isn't working, CMV.
I think that people with catatonic pyschosis should have the right to end their life
I believe the legal recognition of marriage in any capacity for the US is flawed. CMV
The acceptance of the progress of science needs the societies agreement, while the progress in art is solely individual
I have a real issue doing things for people that don't grant me anything in return. CMV
I believe time travel is impossible and if it was possible it would be impractical. CMV
Prom is stupid bullshit and I'm an idiot for wanting to go, CMV.
I have lost my fiance to cancer. I have no faith in the supernatural or religious. CMV
For as long as methods remain available to download unauthorised copies of paid media for free, it seems unnecessary to pay for subscription services CMV
I just got my first handjob and I feel ashamed and embarrassed - CMV
People who cut themselves are simply looking for attention. CMV
I think it is an inconvenience for other motorists to own an SUV in the city. CMV!
I believe that people who murder in a fit of rage should get very lenient sentences. CMV.
In the Natural sciences progress can be made, but in the arts this is not possible. Do you agree?
I feel that countries shouldn't offer government services in more then the official languages of the nation. CMV.
I believe the reason for obesity is its wide acceptance in that particular area (Such as the United States) CMV
I believe in hard determinism. CMV
Fracking?
I believe that not only has human evolution ceased, but that we are devolving. CMV
I don't think free markets and deregulation are the solution to every problem. CMV?
I believe everything in the world can be understood rationally. CMV
I believe expensive medical procedures are unethical because the same money could help more people in extreme poverty. CMV
I believe that OPs in this subreddit should be banned if they ignore serious top-level replies to their posts. CMV.
I think that all drugs, in small amounts, should be decriminalized. CMV
I believe Eugenics should be put in place in First world countries. CMV.
I believe that there is equality between men and women today. CMV.
I believe the US should use the death penalty for confirmed murderers and rapists, CMV
I believe that any Gun Control legislation by the United States Government is infringing on my inalienable right to bear arms, CMV.
If women are expected to wear makeup in public or social situations, I believe males should be expected to, too. CMV
CMV - Homosexuality is Bad, But Not Wrong
I do not think that a cancer patient, or any other person suffering from illness, is courageous or heroic as all they have to do is let the doctor, the real hero, do their work. CMV
I don't think Chris Hadfield made significant contributions via social networking nor do I think he was an inspiration to younger generations. CMV.
I think Teen Mom glamorizes teen pregnancy and could have negative effects on young girls. CMV
Household water consumption is miniscule and irrelevant in the problem of a limited freshwater supply.
I believe there is no point/benefit spending time hating or expressing hate (via comments, writing, images etc) for celebrities like Justin Bieber. CMV.
I believe that an all out world war is a necessary evil CMV
I am of the view that if I go to college instead of University I will not be very successful in life. CMV
I believe all illegal immigrants in the US should be amnestied, CMV
I'm an atheist/nonbeliever and I believe that the majority of secular/atheist movements are made up of bullies who just want to antagonize religious people. CMV
I believe not all people should have the right to live CMV?
World War I could have been won by the Allies without American Intervention. CMV
I believe that a highly centralised and powerful government is good CMV
I believe that the United States cannot be described by crony capitalism CMV
I believe marriage is outdated CMV
I think advanced mathematics isn't required to learn programming languages.
Art is pure emotion nothing else....
There was no historical significance about the last legal trial by combat in france.
I believe in gun control and/or a national database with info about the buyers CMV
I believe the feminist movement is extremely harmful and provides little or no good whatsoever. CMV
I think suicide a completely viable option if you don't want to live anymore, it's your choice. CMV
People think I'm an asshole for not thinking homosexuality is right but I can't convince myself otherwise CMV
I believe that we should be required to pass an aptitude test in order to do things like vote and reproduce. CMV
I think debt-driven economies can be healthy and continue indefinitely. CMV
I believe that god and science, in no way should or can exist together, CMV
I think cannibalism is ok. CMV
I think modern medicine should be banned to allow traditional medicine. CMW
I believe that Julian Assange has done great things for journalism. CMV
I believe we should have a mega thread for "I believe homosexuality is wrong/ a disorder/a defect/biologically wrong" CMV
I believe that drugs themselves do not lead to people becoming outcasts...
I believe that potatoes were useless in the grand scheme of history.
I am a 17 year old Gay Male who believes Bisexuality doesn't exist.
In science we can make progress but in art we can't.
I believe that racism is dead in public discourse and that "new" racism is taking over especially in developing attitudes towards immigrants and immigration in the UK
Utilitarianism is too demanding and too permissive
I believe that some sort of traumatic event/troubled youth is necessary to achieve "greatness"
I don't think we should save pandas
I believe that Alexander Pushkin's 'Eugene Onegin' and Lermontov's 'Hero of Our Times' can be compared to show changes in Russian society CMV?
I believe that I can't be sure of anything. CMV
As a male working in retail, I don't treat attractive women with same level of good customer service as I do other women because I believe they get enough attention already. CMV?
I think that the existence of modern recording studios actually trivializes the efforts of the musicians involved. CMV.
I believe that it should be mandatory for all people to have their DNA entered into CODIS to help forensic investigators solve crimes. CMV
In London, young black people are most often criminals who carry knives and constantly look for people to rob. CMV
I think that there is no reason for the government to play a part in out lives CMV
I think that year round schooling is bad and summer vacations are a necessity. CMV
I think Big Bang Theory is hilarious. CMV.
I believe all illegal aliens should be deported and not be given the chance to re-enter the US
I think giving children strong drugs is abusive cmv.
I don't believe there has been any 'real' evolution in the music industry in the last 10 years. CMV
I believe Eco-Tourism is/will be more harmful than helpful to the Congo Region
I honestly don't think we should care for the acidification of forests. I see no point in it. CMV?
I don't believe people can change. CMV
I believe that harmful products benefit our economy and there is not enough information showing how they harm our enviornment.
Social service is rather thwarting the social change from being taken in place.
I think slavery is bad CMV
I believe that the Treaty of Versailles was unjustified. CMV
I think Super Mario World was the best Mario game ever made.
Homeopathy Does not Work
CMV Spreading the use of sanitary facial masks is the best way to prevent airborne diseases.
Russians responsible for radical Islam.
I believe universal health care is wrong unless smoking and fast food are illegal. CMV
I believe that pursing the career as a Vet is really useless.
I think summer vacation should not be abolished in favour of year round schooling. CMV
Video games do cause violence and do have connections to real life crimes
Israel is a Jewish state, and Israelis are right to protect themselves against Palestinian aggression. Palestinian nationalism is baseless and wrong.
I do not believe gay marriage is a civil rights issue, and frankly I consider comparisons to the civil rights movement insulting. CMV
I believe a combination of climate change, economic growth and peak oil are going to put global civilization in to a period of collapse and decline. CMV
I believe in the case of violent crimes, especially rape and murder, there is no such thing as justice CMV
I believe that college athletes should only be compensated with an athletic scholorship and not be paid to play. CMV.
I want to believe there is a god, but the scientific odds that we simply die and nothing happens are so logically high. CMV
I believe that government regulations can never be effective and will always be "Captured". CMV
It is my view that an argument is not about being right, it's merely about changing someone's mind. CMV
I think Presidents in the United States should only get one 4 year term. CMV
I've grown to believe that Capitalism has become quite a negative force in the world. CMV
I think that smoking cigarettes is no worse than eating McDonald's CMV
I believe that abortion is entirely wrong because the mother chose to have sex, and she has the ability to put the child up for adoption after pregnancy. CMV (please don't bring up rape, different topic entirely)
That we are a hopeless slightly higher than ape species who is dependent on education to overcome our animal instincts and who are sadly de-funding education anyways.
I will not touch girls who have ever messed with black gangsters. CMV
Moral should be based on the effect of the action on society CMV
I believe The Catcher In The Rye is a terrible book. CMV
I think that torture has been an effective method to prevent acts of terror since 9/11 CMV
I think we need legislation to protect copyright on the Internet and I think the websites should be at least partially responsible for that protection. CMV
I believe a vegan diet is the healthiest diet anyone can have, and that any form of animal protein, whether from meat or any other animal by-products are not only inhumane, but detrimental to one's health. CMV
I think personal material heritage is evil for society, CMV
Evolution is NOT a fact, and is a poor theory -CMV
I believe we should not rule out differences in psychology when talking about gender issues. CMV
I think Animal Crossing is a shallow time-wasting series with boring gameplay and superficial interactions, unworthy of its popularity and praise. CMV
I believe it is wrong to indoctrinate one's children into a parent's religion. CMV
I think that liars on college applications and job searches win in the end. CMV
I think right wing political parties exist purely to funnel money from the lower and middle classes to the richest 0.1%. CMV
I believe that not all human life is equal.
I believe Physician Assisted Suicide should be legal in all states. CMV
GM foods are evil, CMV
I believe creationism should not be taught in schools. CMV
I believe marijuana shouldn't be legalized, but I feel as though I'm somewhat ignorant when it comes to the topic. CMV.
I believe the United States is responsible for 9/11 CMV
I believe that the U.S.A has the right to preemptively protect itself from terrorist attacks through preemptive strikes. CMV
The "Brain Drain" of Immigrants is Helping This Country (The United States) More Than It's Hurting It
Gun control does not work
I really don't think the two matrix sequels are bad. As a matter of fact I love em.
I think bicycles and motorcycles manufactured in America have moved away from utilitarian means of transit and into shiny toys for the ultra-rich. CMV.
I don't see the point in attending graduation it's costly and not necessary CMV
I believe banning marijuana does more harm than good CMV
I don't think that the pro-life stance is misogynistic. CMV.
There's nothing wrong with slut shaming. CMV
I believe most of the people in the fat acceptance movement are simply lazy, gluttonous and self entitled. CMV
I don't think it's possible for homosexuality aka gayness to be an evolutionary trait. CMV.
I believe that Americans value emotions more than advancement. Cmv
Someone can change my view.
I believe all gun owners should be equally responsible for any crimes committed with that gun, whether or not they actually committed the crime. CMV
I fear that Islam will play a large role in escalating conflicts with western nations to the point of world war. CMV.
I feel Black History Month is a bad idea. CMV
I believe that Jesus does not claim to be God, CMV
I think that an author has ultimate authority over the interpretation of his/her work and deeper interpretations should be disregarded if the author explicates the intended interpretation. CMV.
I don't believe in patriarchy. CMV.
I believe that there is nothing morally wrong with dating your friend's ex at any point in time after their relationship is over, CMV.
The ethnic composition of most developed countries is being reshaped because of immigration from third world countries. CMV
I think most "Modern Art" is pretentious, takes nearly no skill, and is sub-par compared to art before that period. CMV.
I think murderers should get the electric chair. CMV
I'm fairly ashamed of this, so please help me CMV. I believe that the vast majority of parents, no matter how tolerant and loving, would not choose to have a gay child.
I believe that addiction is just personal weakness. CMV.
I believe that personal gun ownership allows for self-reliance, and gun prohibition is antithetical to this foundation for American success. CMV
I believe that, in the Bible, Satan is a more moral character than God. CMV
I think telling native citizens to adapt to incoming immigrant cultures is worse than telling incoming immigrants to adapt to native cultures.
[Meta] How satisfied are you with the moderation, community and content of this subreddit?
Schooling has been rendered largely obsolete in the digital age. CMV.
Having children is immoral. CMV
I think cemeteries are a complete waste of space. CMV.
I believe that we're all just as capable as each other
I think Myer-Briggs is just a horoscope pretending to be science. CMV
I think that we would have a better legal system if judges would not be appointed for life and if they were being prosecuted for their legal judgement. CMV
I am not religious in any way, but I believe that reincarnation is more likely than the alternative. CMV.
Socially confident people are affected by a psychological mechanism that allows them to behave irrationally. CMV
I believe that an opt-out system of organ donation could only be beneficial CMV
I don't see a problem with polygamy, CMV
I believe Varg Vikernes murdered Euronymous for self-defense. CMV
I believe that labeling someone by race is wrong. CMV
Even though I'm autistic, I sometimes firmly believe the seriously disabled kids at my school are just faking/can be cured with a spanking. Please CMV.
[Mod Post] Looking for a Wiki Mod
I believe that there are close-minded atheists, just as there are close-minded Christians. CMV
I believe that most military ads are imoral. CMV
I feel because of the futility of existence, life is not worth living, CMV.
The germline genetic modification of humans should be fully legalized, pursued, and utilized as an option [CMV]
I believe it is ethical and useful to pay drug addicts and the extremely poor to get themselves permanently sterilized.
NASA wastes money by sending one SUV rover at a time to Mars. It would be much more efficient to send many small rovers instead. CMV
I believe that young people have the authority to consent to sexual activities with each other or consenting adults CMV
I don't believe any parent has any inherent right to raise their children. CMV
I don't believe Michael Jackson had sex with any children, CMV.
I see no reason or value in tolerating the willfully ignorant, the stubborn fools and those blinded by propaganda and ideology. Care to CMV?
I believe that in a situation where a man and a woman do not agree whether to have or to abort a child , the Man's request should be given as much weight as the woman's.
I believe that everything is subjective, contextual, and relativistic. CMV
I think living in the 40s and 50s would be better than living now CMV
After false rape allegations, I'm reluctant go have sex before marriage. CMV
I believe modern day feminism has the equivalency of an appendix. CMV
I'm not a feminist simply because I don't see much gender inequality that isn't simply biological differences between men and women. CMV.
I think people who think they shouldn't have to watch ads are immature and self-centered. CMV
I think that in the not so far future (2050) all jobs will be creative ones. CMV.
I think it should be illegal for people to not to vote on council/government matters that concern them. CMV.
No one should personally own a car or other motor vehicles CMV
I believe that space travel should not be one of the priorities of mankind. CMV
There is NOTHING wrong with lying and manipulation as long as you're good at it. CMV.
Life is meaningless, and nothing I do matters. CMV
I believe in the absolute sanctity of human life. CMV
I believe the American League should get rid of the Designated Hitter and let the pitcher bat. CMV
I believe all drugs should be legalized. CMV!
I do not believe that the world is overpopulated, nor is it in any danger of becoming overpopulated. CMV
I think fibromyalgia is a fake, cmv.
A majority of my views are of little value and importance. So are almost everyone else's. CMV
I think it should be illegal to spread 3D printer plans for guns. CMV
I believe that Bengahzi was not the start of the Obama Administration Foreign Policy of Obfuscation, it was the result. CMV
[Mod Post] Possible changes and more!
I believe the fact that our atoms are traceable to the crucibles of exploding stars over the course of billions of years, contradicts creationism and is proof that Religion is false. CMV
I don't think you need 2,000/2,5000 calories a day to maintain; I don't think 'timing' for meals is necessary; I think multivitamins are enough to support a lack of vegetables in a diet. CMV.
I don't think voter ID laws are that big of a deal. CMV.
I don't believe that there's such a thing as being genderqueer or genderfluid. CMV
I believe the US House, Senate, and President are fundamentally corrupt in their desire for money and power. CMV.
I believe in fate in the sense that our lives are entirely pre-destined, and free will does not exist. CMV
I believe DUI laws are quickly becoming unjust, CMV.
I believe that people who pick a highly saturated major shouldn't complain about a lack of jobs, CMV.
I believe that digital piracy is immoral, and that whatever changes content providers go through to adapt to it, they will still always be justified in attempting to punish people who illegally pirate content. CMV
I believe that no teacher should complain about how much they get paid. CMV.
I believe the environment should exist and be used to only serve human civilization, and there is no reason for it to be conserved for its own sake, CMV
I don't believe that true (and sustainable) love exists in a romantic sense. CMV.
Close to 90% of men have nothing to offer women these days. Change my view.
I think eating meat purely for pleasure is inherently a cruel act. CMV
There needs to be more diversity in the views presented by OPs on this subreddit. CMV
The 'Mars One' mission is almost certainly a scam. CMV
I believe people who are depressed should get more exercise and make travelling a priority before thinking about medication. CMV
I think solving education inequality will have close to no impact on social inequality. CMV.
I believe Risk is a better game than Stratego. CMV
I think self posts should get karma. CMV
I think that this subreddit has become filled mostly with Anti-Femenism posts and that the people who make these posts are overreacting CMV
I think movie adaptations of books ought to be different than the book. CMV.
I believe that written debates are more effective than verbal debates. CMV
I think property is just another arbitrary social fiction, and that removing people from their homes or workplaces under the pretense of "property" (evictions, lay-offs, etc.) is fundamentally inhumane. CMV.
I believe everyone ends up settling for a SO and would probably abandon their partner at the first opportunity for someone more attractive if not for convenience/ social expectations. CMV.
If you believe in a religion involves salvation that is dependent on some kind of action you should proselytize. CMV
I believe real Christians died out centuries ago, CMV.
All video games should allow players to skip cut scenes. CMV.
I believe that grades in school are completely useless. CMV
I don't think A&amp;F's exclusionary tactics are wrong. CMV
I believe that the new star wars games by EA won't be a catastrophe. CMV.
I believe anti-depressants/anti-psychotics have no use other than to mask the symptoms of the mentally ill. CMV.
I like global warming and feel that the iceage happened and ended without mans help. So the earth has cyclical temperatures no matter what man does.CMIV.(Ignorant)
I believe that there is no such thing as a truly selfless act. CMV
I don't believe married, home owning, or procreating people should get tax breaks. CMV.
I believe that welfare is a drain on resources and should be abolished. CMV.
I believe East Asians and Ashkenazi Jews are more intelligent on average than Anglo whites, and whites on average are more intelligent than Africans. CMV.
I believe that the government should provide an employment system for anyone who needs a job, regardless of their situation, criminal background and work history. CMV.
I believe that the death penalty should be something like a firing squad rather than be lethal injection to save money. CMV
I think that the UN should be dissolved or heavily reformed. CMV
I don’t believe in online privacy. CMV.
I believe that the Singularity will lead to the eradication of human life. CMV.
I believe that systematic genocide like the holocaust could never happen in a country like the US. CMV
I don't think most species that are in danger of going extinct are worth saving. CMV.
I believe there is no moral difference between shooting a newborn in the face with a gun, and abortion. CMV
I believe dry masturbation is better all the way around. CMV
Books (or the written word in general) are not inherently more "intellectual" than any other form of media. CMV
I believe that young women only use the term "creep," for a man that they don't find attractive, as a method of validating that they have high standards to their peers. CMV
I believe that the new "score hiding" system is poorly done and only makes viewing comment threads more annoying. CMV
I believe birth control should be mandatory to receive welfare in America. CMV
I believe that advertisement is a medium almost solely for the promotion of propaganda and misinformation. CMV.
I believe 'Devil's Advocate' posts should be banned.
I believe that the population of the world needs to be reduced drastically by any means necessary. CMV.
There is nothing good about Waiting for Godot CMV
I believe Assault Weapons should be banned for civilian use, CMV.
I believe that American football should be banned from public schools. CMV
I believe horses are no more than leaner, faster cows, with similar intelligence. They should not be treated any differently. CMV
I shy away from right-wing people because I disagree heavily with them, though I don't even know what I disagree about. CMV
I believe that if a person says that they have tried to commit suicide and failed then their heart wasn't really in it to begin with. CMV
I believe that some people are a burden to society, and should not be helped. CMV
I believe that the people should vote on legislature as part of the process of it becoming a law. CMV.
Cheating in school is acceptable and everyone should do it.
[meta] I can never decide whether to upvote a CMV post because if I agree, I want people to see it and learn, and if I disagree, I want people to see it and argue against it.
Nascar is a sport, and the drivers are athletes. CMV
I find it plausible that Sexual Strategies Theory correctly explains most stereotypical gender behavior as biological adaptations. CMV.
I believe that religion is birthed out of various revelations not spiritual, intellectual, or socio-political need.
I believe that people are mostly good. CMV.
I believe that there is no such thing as a selfless good deed CMV
[meta] I think we should do more to encourage OPs to give deltas, respond to arguments, and actually change their views
I think women are actually inferior to men. CMV.
I believe the composer/producer of a song deserves more credit for a song than the singer. CMV
I believe that abortion is always wrong because life begins at conception. CMV
I believe that the disintegration of the traditional spouse-spouse family nucleus, without a sufficient replacment, in the modern industrialized culture is damaging culture, morality, and progress irreparably. CMV
In the United States, I think that the religious based marriage should be removed and replaced with secular based civil unions. CMV.
I believe there is no place in society for Modern Feminism, CMV
Religion is good because it motivates people to be good. CMV!
I think most people are vegans/vegetarians because of pop culture. Change My View.
I don't think the Allies winning WWII was necessarily a positive thing. CMV.
The current movement of feminism actually hinders equality for both genders. CMV.
I don't believe nonviolent protest are morally superior to political violence and do not consider MLK and Gandhi to be good examples of nonviolent protest movements. CMV
I Don't Accept Evolution as a Complete Description of the Origin of Life on Earth. CMV
I believe that there should be two days of school per year. CMV.
I believe religion is the bane of society and scientific advancement CMV
I believe Prisoners should have the Right to Vote, CMV
I Believe that libertarianism is a flawed and naive ideal CMV
I believe beastiality is amongst the most depraved and disgusting things humans do. CMV
Your IQ value is artificial, meaningless and does not matter, to anyone, whatsoever. This includes yourself. CMV
I believe that North America is on the verge of systemic collapse. CMV
I believe that if you aren't sure about who to vote for, it's better to not do it at all. CMV.
[META] It would be interesting to see some quality permalinks to quality CMV posts.
I think NCAA student-athletes (specifically basketball/football) should be paid a salary. CMV.
I believe that if you get an 'A' on a final exam, you should automatically pass the class you recieved it in regardless of all other academic activity. CMV.
If you believe that abortion there should be legal, then you shouldn't ethically be against limitations on it. CMV
I believe that if humans engage in space conquest and exploration, that we should take copies of our diseases with us to use as weapons. CMV
Islam is currently a larger threat to civilized society than other monotheistic religions. CMV.
I believe everyone is racist to some extent. -CMV
I believe post-mortem organ donation should be obligatory whenever possible, CMV
I believe a person needs to be in a romantic relationship in order to be 'complete'. CMV
I believe America is a plutocracy. CMV.
I don't believe that the Army/Navy/Marines/Air Force should be in my high school every other week attempting to recruit students for future service. CMV
I think when someone suddenly ends a conversation is being disrespectful, CMV.
It doesn't matter what your ancestors accomplished or went through. CMV
I think that my generation treats romantic love like an illness, CMV
I believe prohibition of any substance is wrong and only promotes more crime CMV
I believe that there are some things that a government simply does better than private groups or companies can. CMV.
Creating a perfect market is more important than creating a free market. CMV
I believe grammatical incorrectness is simply language evolving and should not be looked down upon. CMV
I believe slut shaming is sexist and a detriment to society as a whole. CMV
I believe almost all women are incompetent emotionally, &amp; socially and are also very immature CMV
I believe that everyone should be required to learn a basic history of philosophy. CMV
Most religious conversion is done with sneaky emotional tricks, which atheists refuse to apply and cannot overwrite with logic and evidence alone. CMV
[MOD POST] Join other CMV users in our IRC channel!
I believe that parents who spanks their kids are bad parents/uneducated. CMV!
I believe the imperial system should be completely abolishe worldwide. CMV.
I don't think that everyone with mental health issues should necessarily seek professional help. CMV
I think positive discrimination does more to harm minorities causes. CMV
I think the Austrian business cycle theory is nonsensical. CMV
I believe that every reasonable person should desire immortality. CMV
I believe that the American model of self-paid college makes America less competitive in a global economy. CMV
I'm inclined to think that atheists who say you shouldn't be agnostic are fools. CMV
I dont think cctvs in public areas is a bad thing. CMV
TCMV and TCMV back. On the British Royal Family. Try CMV again?
There shouldn't be any default subreddits.
I completely agree with Joseph Heller's quote "Certainly so many countries cant be all worth dying for".
100% inheritance tax is a good idea. CMV
The reason we consider Nazism so evil is because they treated westerners the way westerners treated the world. CMV
When choosing a doctor, it's better for your own benefit to choose an Asian/white one as opposed to a black/Hispanic one. CMV
I believe Tim Tebow is an NFL caliber quarterback, but the Jets were just the worst possible fit for him. CMV.
I believe software patents are worse than useless. CMV.
I believe that a Monarchy is simply an aged system and is no longer necessary. CMV.
I don't think there is anything wrong with circumcision. CMV
I believe that homosexuality is technically an abnormality or aberration from normal brain development and human sexuality. CMV
[CMV] I think you should have to attend a career counseling session before obtaining student loans to pay for a degree.
I think people that are homophobic are generally amoral people. CMV
I believe that instead of talking about less testing in (United States Public) schools, we should talk about MORE testing and standardized tests. CMV
I believe that the second amendment is much less important than the first amendment in terms of protecting our rights. CMV
White people can't help being racist shitheads, it is in their nature and upbringing. CMV
I believe I should ignore risk, considering only highest expected return. CMV.
I believe that the government does not have the right to make abortion illegal. CMV
Homosexuals and transexuals suffer from a mental dysfunction, CMV
I believe that the zombies, should they ever exist, will starve to death before they cause any harm.
I don't believe family implies any special relationship between people other than simply being raised or having a genetic similarity to them. CMV.
I believe the U.S. Pledge of Allegiance should not be recited every morning by children in school. CMV
I believe abortion is wrong in most circumstances and don't understand how more and more people are becoming "pro-choice". CMV
I believe that reddit would be just as good if not better if there were no downvotes.
I don't think minorities need role models that look like them. CMV
I believe that child birth is no more demanding than a very large poop. CMV
I think there should be a maximum limit on an individual's net worth and a maximum wage. CMV
I believe that I need to input something beneficial to society before I die to make my life have meant something. CMV
I believe that we should have a lowercase delta or a 'dt' that can be awarded for when someone's view is expanded but not necessarily changed. CMV.
I believe the US drinking age should be lowered to 18. CMV
I believe a woman cannot rape a man. CMV!
I think that schools teach too much science. CMV
Veterans have not fought for my freedom. CMV.
CMV I think there should be a "None of the above" option on ballot papers
Black culture is toxic, glorifies violence and leads to worklessness, laziness and self-entitlement &amp; it's their fault. CMV.
My consciousness is the direct result of my brain's structure and the chemical reactions that happen in it and of nothing else. CMV
I believe that, generally, white people think they are better than black people. CMV
[META] This subreddit has exploded. I think a wiki might be a good idea.
I don't believe that cheating is worth ending a relationship over. CMV.
I believe that everyone can be diagnosed with a mental illness, CMV
Non-voters should default to white votes.
I believe that high school is a terribly designed system that works against peoples learning and doesn't let people get to their full potential. CMV
People should be allowed to buy more votes.
I believe that bullying is usually a good thing, CMV
I believe that periodic celebrations (i.e. not achievements) are a waste of time and resources. CMV.
I believe in eugenics CMV
I believe that men and women are not equal, shouldn't have equal job rights and that women aren't supressed in modern western society. CMV
I believe charities are fundamentally flawed and more about making their donors feel good than about helping people.
I believe that CMV's that are identical or nearly identical to recent CMVs should be disallowed. CMV
I believe that people who are less intelligent/educated are lesser human beings. CMV.
I believe people who identify with a sexuality are just deluded and have nothing more than an exaggerated fetish.
I sincerely believe that gay couples cannot be as effective of parents as straight couples because kids need a healthy dose of both male and female guidance in their lives. CMV.
No single form of voting is perfect so we should not use a single form of voting.
I believe that having a biological child by choice is selfish when there are so many children without homes CMV
I believe that feminist/queer scholars see through a lens thick with confirmation bias. They see only what they want to see. CMV.
I do not believe we live in a Patriarchy in the English Speaking World [AUS,CAN,NZ,UK,US]. CMV
I don't believe people that join the military as a last resort should be celebrated or held on a pedestal. CMV
I believe the reason I am a virgin is because I am short CMV
I believe alcohol and tobacco are legal despite being the most deadly drugs because the powers that be have a vested interest in keeping the general population dumbed down. CMV
I am considering taking ADD/ADHD medication to help me study CMV
I think everyone is morally obligated to donate money to charity.
I think it's nasty to have sex with my girlfriend when she's on her period. CMV
I think Dentists get paid too much
I believe that no vaccine should be given to any child under one year of age, especially a newborn. CMV
I think English should be the official language of the United States. CMV
I believe that teachers should be allowed to spank their students. CMV
I am an existential nihilist. CMV
[TCMV] How I became an anti-feminist
I think that there is zero reason for psychedelic drugs (e.g., LSD, mushrooms, etc.) to be illegal and anyone who thinks otherwise is uneducated as to the effects of these drugs. CMV
I believe indoctrinating children into religion before the age of reason is child abuse. CMV
I believe that people's addiction and/or over usage of smartphones, tablets and social networking (via tech.) is undermining human interaction and is changing the ways we live our lives for the worse, CMV.
I think people with life threatening STDs should not be allowed to have sex as to get rid of the disease. CMV
All handicapped or disabled new-born's should be put down at birth
I believe all people who want children should have a permit to do so. CMV
I don't believe aliens would ever try to take over our planet.
I believe that, besides basic biological differences, such as reproduction, there isn't really any need for a gender definitions such as 'Masculinity/Femininity' CMV
I think the legal system should do away with winners and losers of court cases. CMV.
I have no issues with eating 'Domesticated' animals. CMV
Wikipedia is a superior encyclopedia mostly for it's sheer depth and breadth in topics as well as it's interconnectedness, ease of checking sources, and the numerous eyes that moderate the pages.
I don't think celebrities should be held accountable as role models for children CMV
I believe that everyone should have an option to have their base needs satisfied without working. CMV
[CMV] I think (American) presidential elections should be decided by an instant runoff vote instead of the electoral college.
I care more for the impact it would have on my life than on earth if I started caring for the planet. CMV
I think people who fight against gender norms by creating new identities are not helping anything and just being generally annoying. CMV
I believe the government shouldn't cover Birth control, CMV.
My wife doesn't need to know about my girlfriend.
I believe that we should stop eating beef. CMV
I think that being racist should be legal. CMW
I believe semi-automatic rifles are necessary firearms, and legal, to possess. CMV
I believe that almost all serious or violent criminal behavior should be treated as mental illness. CMV.
I believe that the modern clothing and fashion industries(Nike, Giorgio Armani, etc.) are mostly unproductive and any belief otherwise operates on broken window theory. CMW
I believe Corporal Punishment upon children in family homes and public schools is a sick, barbaric act which must cease to exist.
Christian almost an atheist. Help me CMV to it.
I think law enforcement should be changed to peace enforcement, and cops as they are now are inherently unjust. CMV.
I believe not everyone should have the right to vote, CMV.
I think we should bring back hanging. CMV
I believe that there's nothing wrong with cutting yourself as a way to cope with life, stress, depression, etc. CMV
If you major in Cinema Studies and then can't get a good job, you deserve what you get. CMV
I am an American that believes that Isreal is using their position as a "lone Jewish State" to justify illegal transgressions in the ME, CMV
I think people who have murdered others or done so much wrong should be put to death, as long as they are given a fair trial. CMV
I am a republican. CMV
I believe people who refuse to identify as a specific sexuality (even pan or poly) are simply just being difficult. CMV
I believe Canadian cigarettes aren't as harmful as they are made out to be, and are even beneficial.
I believe that planet earth would be better off completely devoid of people CMV
I believe the idea of borders (countries, provinces, etc.) are a remnant of older times that society should have risen above by now. CMV
I believe polygamy and polyandry should be legal CMV
I don't think that most redditors are racist, mysognistic, homophobic, stupid, socially awkward and hateful as many people make it out to be, CMV.
I believe that the world - particularly financial markets - won't be stable for long enough to justify investment in my retirement. CMV.
I believe that if UKIP gets into power in the 2015 elections it will be bad for the whole of the United Kingdom. CMV
We should really save water at home. TCMV
I believe that the "few" individuals with IQ's within the upper 5% deviation should be given full access and complete control of the world provided they have "humanitarian-prospects" and are "tolerant" of the world's race's and beliefs. CMV.
I believe that open Human Experimentation would greatly benefit mankind as a whole, and should not considered ethically and morally wrong. CMV.
The speed of light is not the true cosmic speed limit. CMV
I can't get into Daft Punk. I don't think they're any good. I'm willing to try again. CMV.
Idealistically 'perfect' World Scenario CMV
I think celebrity culture is stupid, CMV
I think sports are stupid, CMV
I believe a global government or New World Order would be a great thing. CMV.
I believe that what goes on in a slaughterhouse shouldn't be any reason to avoid eating meat. CMV
I think Eugenics was a good idea.
Triumvirates are better than presidency.
I think homosexuality is similar to pedophilia. CMV. I know it's a horrible view.
[Mod-post] Welcome to all new subscribers!
I believe that abortion is the ultimate injustice. CMV
[meta] Poeple with a few deltas; what are your core ~~political~~ views that push you to try to convince other poeple of your views?
I think that porn should be regulated a lot more because it is destructive to families and relationships. CMV
I believe that watching and downloading child porn should be legal. CMV
I don't believe in free will. CMW
I'm a pedophile, a compulsive cheater and I have herpes - and I believe that the only way I can lead a semi-normal life is not to tell anyone, and not get caught. CMV.
I believe that school vouchers are the way to fix our failing school system. CMV
I have no objection to incest. CMV
No Vote = No complaint. CMV
I believe the only way humans will survive the next few millennia is by colonizing other earth-like planets CMV
Free markets are compatible with socialism. CMV
I believe that the fascist society presented in Robert Heinlein's book Starship Troopers doesn't seem all that bad CMV
I believe reddit karma should be abolished, CMV.
I believe that the death sentence should be automatic after a second serious offense and first time offenders should spend almost all of their sentence being educated. CMV.
I believe that every person has the right to fight for their own life at any cost CMV
I believe that causation implies determinism. Please, with a cherry on top, CMV.
I'm not sure why social democracies can't be implemented all over the world, CMV.
I believe some cultures are inherently superior than others. CMV
I believe a socialist system in which the laborers bare control of the system is possible. CMV
I believe the British Royal family is of little benefit to Canada and ties should be cut once the Queen dies. CMV
I believe that investing in space travel and pushing against the "Final Frontier" is in the best interests of humanity. CMV
I believe Zimbabwe was better run under white rule CMV
If you're a short guy, you are physically unattractive to women, period.
I believe that children with severe mental handicaps should be killed at birth. CMV
I do not believe that atheism is any more logical than religion CMV
CMV I do not believe religion is logical
Having national police is insufficient separation of powers. CMV
Modern royalty and nobility is pointless CMV
I support free migration, and believe that all immigration restrictions are unjust. CMV
I believe that pure democracy and totalitarianism are equally bad, CMV.
I don't see why people believe in a deity so strong, they must kill whom who does not believe. CMV.
News is bad for you. CMV
To have meaningful international policing, international courts require legal power not just judicial power.
I am unconvinced that same-sex marriage is unequivocally justified, and I find a lot of the arguments employed by its proponents to be disingenuous. CMB
It is a poor idea (for me personally) to foster children while having children of your own. CMV
I believe that prayer does nothing to change the world. CMV
CMV The McConnell Doctrine was treason (x-post /r/politicaldiscussion)
I believe that Online Passes for video games are eventually going to destroy online console gaming CMV.
The presumption of innocence is rampantly violated when suspects are kept in jail. CMV
I believe that some redistribution of wealth is a necessary component of a healthy, reasonable society. CMV
I believe watching the movie IS a good substitute for reading the book. CMV
Every action or decision you make is entirely for your own benefit or best interest CMV.
I believe that the FCC should not censor nudity/obscenity on TV CMV
I am against absolute freedom of press and believe censorship to be justified. CMV
I think everyone who is overweight or ugly is just lazy and should be looked down upon. CMV
I exist CMV
You cannot have both a healthy career and a healthy social life. CMV
I remain unconvinced that my death has a fixed 100% probability, CMV.
I believe theology is complete bullshit. CMV
I think that if you are not informed beyond the basics on a topic your opinion is not valid and should have no weight. CMV
I don't believe there are any arguments against same-sex marriage that aren't based on religion. CMV
I believe that due to the development of technology, the music industry has become far too congested for any real talent to come and stand out. CMV.
CMV that "something exists" or "a=a" are absolute certainties.
I think it's okay for me to occasionally steal small things. CMV
I've believe that the Liberals are 'wrong' regarding US economic and fiscal policy. Also Krugman is a hack. CMV
I believe religious people are somewhat stupid or deeply dishonest
I think that Gymnastics should be eliminated as an Olympic sport. CMV
CMV I believe that if you honour your personal heritage and familial culture you should only marry and have children with members of your own race and culture
I think "mental illness" as a common reason for the motivation behind spree/mass killers is completely false. CMV
It's the Republican's fault for voting to keep Guantanamo Bay open. CMV
Regardless of my views on abortion, I feel murdering a baby after it is born/outside of a mother's womb is murder/infanticide. CMV.
I believe that Polygamy would be a problem due to our economic structure, but that there would otherwise be no problem with allowing it. CMV.
I believe that things like homeopathic medicine and professional "psychics" should be illegal, or at least legally restricted.
I think neutering pets is immoral. CMV
I think people should be required to renew their driver's license every five years, and have it revoked permanently by 70 if they do not pass the test. The elderly do not belong behind the wheel. CMV
After a short debate with a friend, over the benefits of life insurance, he believes it is unnecessary and would be better off just with a savings account. Please help to provide more info and CHV!
There are no "nice"feminists on this subreddit CMV
I dont think manslaughter or any crime committed accidentally should be considered a crime. At all. CMV
I don't think there is anything wrong with incest, as long as it's started in adulthood. CMV
I believe that the modern western idea of 'dating' is a terrible way to find a spouse or to prepare a couple for marriage. CMV.
I think indie game developers should just stop developing for consoles entirely. CMV.
[META] How to decide when to award a delta?
[CMV] I believe adopting a single, unified language would be beneficial to the world
I believe giving everyone a basic income without requiring them to do any work is a bad idea. CMV
I (reluctantly) believe that pitbulls are inherently dangerous animals. CMV
I am undecided on whether causal responsibility should always mean culpability (deserving of punishment) in a crime. CMV.
I think anime in general is awful and an empty form of entertainment, CMV
I don't believe that motorcycles should be allowed to lane split or "white line". They should act like any other motor vehicle on the road. CMV
CMV I think companies collecting personalized targeted data is mostly OK
[CMV] I think car alarms are a waste of money and don't prevent theft
[CMV] I don't see what the problem is with surveillance cameras in public areas
I think belief in God is indefensible on any grounds CMV
I think "misandry don't real" is incorrect. CMV.
CMV that we can not be certain about anything.
I believe that the English language needs a governing body. CMV
I don't like the comment scores being hidden. CMV.
I believe that emotions have no place in reasoning. CMV
I believe CPR should never be performed on people over the age of 70. CMV
I think women should be able to go out in public topless CMV
I believe that Michael Jackson (RIP) is the biological father of all three of his children: Prince, Paris and Blanket Jackson
Japanese culture is less "civilized" and it's causing friction among its neighbor
Annihilation / Oblivion is not scientific, empirical, or rationalistic. CMV
Child support is so much cheaper and easier than raising a child as a custodial parent that the only time you hear about it is around tax day and then only from the impoverished. CMV
[CMV] Life imprisoned folk should be allowed to euthanize themselves
I think people should stop having kids. CMV
[CMV] Marriage is an unnecessary component to our society
I believe that GMO labelling laws are wrong. CMV.
[Mod Post] We're testing the "hide comments until X time" feature. Currently set at 12 hours.
I think child support should almost always be mandatory, but for a specific reason. CMV
The perceived use of the word evolve as an active versus passive verb has led to the majority of the public's misunderstanding of evolutionary theory. CMV
Political parties round people's values and essentially brainwash individuals from thinking for themselves. CMV
The new change to hide the vote count on comments is pointless. CMV
I believe it's okay to be offensive with comedy and art, under certain conditions. CMV
There is no religion/science/philosophy higher than truth.
If men don't want to pay child support, they shouldn't have sex with any woman they don't want to be the mother of their child. CMV
CMV- I believe that most countries as they are now are too large to do their jobs properly, and that a much more regionally focused government bound by a weak federal government would work better.
[CMV] If American Football didn't exist or football (soccer) was worshiped in the USA like it is elsewhere, the USA would be one of, if not THE greatest country in football (soccer) and rugby.
[Meta] CMV posts that are a matter of taste are not disputable, and should be removed by mods. CMV.
Gay Marriage?
I think that Daft Punk are one of the most over-rated groups playing today. CMV.
CMV - Closing Guantanamo Bay won't change anything.
The electoral college is bad for America. CMV
I think the term "Social Justice" is intellectually dishonest at a fundamental level CMV
I think anything paranormal (ghosts, UFOs, ESP, etc) is nonsense. CMV
I believe circular logic is the equal of classical logic CMV
Guns are fetish objects. CMV
we are all neo-slaves to the systems CMV
Improvements in technology (specifically automation and robotics) will lead to massive unemployment. CMV
Why should I have any sympathy for people when they die from texting or drinking (or already drunk) while driving
I Believe Mathematics has Aspects Which are Accurately Described as "Discovered." CMV.
I believe there are way too many "unqualified" parents these days. CMV.
In the Israel v. Palestine conflict, Israel is by far in the wrong and the US should cut ties with the country. CMV
I don't think "In the Aeroplane Over the Sea" is a good album. CMV
I believe that a utilitarian society is the only morally just one. CMV
I think that "In God We Trust" should be removed from American Currency. CMV
I don't think there's any reason for the US government to spend more money on NASA or space exploration. CMV.
I believe that there is nothing morally wrong with incest if contraception is used. CMV
I believe that in 2000, in response to the controversy over the outcome in Florida during the Presidential Election, they should have just had a do-over, i.e. reheld the election in the Florida. CMV
I don't believe in chemtrails. CMV.
[Mod Post] Need the community's feedback - Should we implement the new subreddit feature that hides comment scores?
I think the end of capitalism is inevitable. CMV
I believe that those who pirate things just because they don't want to pay for them are assholes. CMV.
I believe that police should be restricted to using rubber bullets, billie clubs, and tazers. CMV.
CMV that scientific skepticism is a system encouraging an open-mind rather than a closed-mind
Nobody really every changes their view here CMV
I believe that all British police officers should be armed. CMV
I think that parents are obligated to prevent children from eating any kind of unhealthy substance (candy, snacks, soda) until they reach a certain age. CMV
I think that depressive realism is the correct view of life and reality, CMV.
Marriage as a legal institution should be abolished. CMV
I think abortion isn't a bad thing. CMV
I believe a lot of dental procedures and norms are based on scientifically unsound practices. CMV
CMV that people who eat one kind of meat (e.g., pork or beef) are hypocritical when they morally condemn other consumption choices (e.g., dog, cat, horse, insects, etc.)
I do not believe that school suspension is a punishment. CMV.
I believe that single fathers are at an extreme disadvantage in getting fair treatment from the courts and the system in place is inherently sexist CMV
I think women should have to sign up for the Draft in the US. CMV.
I think bacon is disgusting. CMV
I think that a certain amount of controlled segregation can be a good thing. CMV
If you believe in survival of the fittest/evolution then you should not be for modern medicine. CMV
I think Liberal Arts is a scam by Colleges to increase tuition. CMV.
I think federal congressmen in the United States should be given term limits (1x6 years for senate, 3 x2 years for house). CMV
I don't believe that people are literally unable to afford college. CMV.
I think life is pointless/not worth living. CMV
I do not believe gun control can be rationally justified CMV.
I think I should go around telling a lot of the people in CMV that they have great views that don't need to be changed, CMV.
I think the possession and use of all illicit drugs should be legalized CMV
I think that legalising marijuana would be beneficial for minors. CMV
I believe attempted murder and murder should be treated as the same crime. CMV
All criminals (who we know 110% did the crime) should be put under forced physical labor, and if they refuse, bullet to the back of the head. CMV.
I am against drug legalization and believe the 'War on Drugs' to be morally justified. CMV
I think polygamy should be legal in the same states that gay marriage is legal in.
I think large-scale egalitarian societies are an impossibility, and that economic oppression is a human constant. CMV
"I" believe that in humanity needs a great disaster to start over and become pure again. CMV.
Adults who are attracted to sexually mature minors should not be considered sexual deviants. CMV.
I think that skin colour is irrelevant and no quotas based on this should ever exist, CMV.
I think drinking is not okay, especially for high school kids.
I believe population control is an obvious and sensible direction for our species to take. CMV.
Reddit should allow a new user to subscribe to their own subreddits instead of having default subreddits, CMV.
I believe that the concept of national identity is a divisive concept with no real benefit to the average citizen. CMV
I think prostitution should be legal. CMV
I think Language/Journalism/Arts majors require less critical thinking than STEM majors. CMV
I think Google is dangerously large and powerful, and should be avoided. CMV
I think we should encourage sex-selective abortions. CMV.
I feel that offensive words are often funny, on the other hand, I think they cause real damage. CMV, NSFW
People who buy Buddhist things (like statues, beads, jewelry) are missing the point. Cmv.
I believe immigration from countries with high fertility rates to countries with lower fertility rates represents a form of genocide. CMV
I believe that laws intended to protect individuals (helmet laws and seatbelt laws specifically) are idiotic and should not exist. CMV
I have not a strong view about whether morally acceptable actions must be legal. Especially with regard to state actions. CMV.
I think marijuana is a harmful drug that makes people lazy and unsuccessful, CMV.
I believe teachers should be paid based on performance, and underperforming teachers fired. CMV
I believe that the amount of money the U.S. spends on defense is way out of line. CMV
I think rape exceptions for abortion are hypocritical and impractical. CMV
I'm a girl who is sexist against women. CMV
I believe that the civil rights movement and title nine has given white males the raw end of the deal CMV
I believe male circumcision is almost totally responsible for the pervasive misogynist male mindset. CMV?
I believe the best political and social system is an altruistic communism. CMV.
I believe that a basic income would be a better system of social security than any that currently exists. CMV
I believe politics are obsolete and nations should accept peaceful anarchy as a progressive step to resource-based technocracy. CMV
Although I am an atheist, I feel as though Hick's response to the problem of evil is adequate. CMV.
I think the risk of being raped by random strangers is ridiculously low to the point that I don't understand why anyone would be paranoid about it if they bothered to use any common sense. CMV
i am a complete political nihilist; the only thing that we can do in politics, is that which align with what those who have access to power want.. we are all basically clogs in the machine.. CMV
I feel like there isn't sufficient discussion about sexual assault being a spectrum issue and how some crimes are worse than others. CMV. Read description for a more nuanced explanation about what CMV means in this case.
I think that broadcast Television is a waste of valuable spectrum. CMV
I like sweatpants! They're comfy and easy to wear! CMV.
I'm on the fence about whether this subreddit should open up to less "heavy" non-social, non-political discussion. CMV either way.
I believe WikiLeaks strengthens America's democracy and is a positive organization for America. CMV
Haplotyping should be used as an additional standard for ethnic/racial classifications for any demographic data collection. [CMV]
I believe men and women, because of the gender roles society has adopted are inherently different and therefore can never be "equal" CMV
I don't think that you are more happy in your 30's than your 20's
I dislike Los Angeles. CMV
I think that "organic" foods are no better than regular foods, and that it's just a marketing scheme and an excuse for a price increase. CMV
While I wouldn't go so far as to link video games to school shootings or anything like that, I do believe that engaging in simulated human brutality on a daily or near daily basis isn't psychologically/spiritually healthy.
Zach Braff is depressing. CMV.
I think the majority of people who claim to be asexual are so because of emotional/mental health issues and not because they are inherently asexual CMV
I don't believe that having "In God We Trust" on American currency is a big deal. CMV
I've never seen Communism as a bad thing. CMV
I think there should be stronger penalties for distribution of voyeuristic depictions of violence
[MOD POST] We want your feedback on popular suggestions for possible improvements to CMV
I believe that antidepressants mess you up and addict you in the long term because without them you are back to the "reality" goggles. CMV
I believe that everyone is racist. CMV
If sex offenders have a registry, then murderers should too. CMV
I don't believe institutional racism is the cause of police profiling blacks. CMV
How can people believe and trust in a god that they cannot see? CMV
I believe that, for those who have been previously incarcerated or punished by a legal system and then fulfilled the obligations of their sentence, it should be illegal to discriminate against them in matters of employment, housing ,etc. CMV
I am troubled by the prospect of China becoming the next superpower. I think this will be bad news for the whole world. CMV.
I think Steve Harvey is pretty awesome. Cmv.
I believe that death row inmates should be allowed to donate their organs CMV
I think that the only thing we can know absolutely is that there is nothing else we can know absolutely. CMV.
I seriously think that we are definitely head to, if not already to a police state. CMV
I dont think being a 'slut' is wrong. CMV
If you're doing nothing wrong you have nothing to hide. CMV
Despite what people say about The Big Bang Theory (television program) I fail to see any value in it. CMV
I believe that American college baseball players should use wooden bats instead of aluminum bats. CMV!
I think that Adventure Time is inappropriate for children under the age of ten. CMV
I don't believe the US should have stopped the spread of communism. CMV
We will never have gender equality and equal sex drafts are a bad idea. CMV
I think you're a moron if you're a political extremist, regardless of where you fall on the political spectrum. CMV.
I think shooting a trespasser/home invader for that action alone should be a crime CMV
I believe people overuse the word immoral, making the word that's ought to be reserved for murder and rape lose its weight CMV.
I believe sociopaths (ASPD) are enviable. CMV
i do not think that whale hunting (whaling), where whales are not endangered and there is a quota,is not a crime. CMV
I would rather fight 100 duck-sized horses than 1 horse-sized duck. CMV.
I don't think there would be any Palestinians if it weren't for Israel/Zionism. CMV
I believe scientific reasoning is the best way to collectively know reality, understand the natural world, and gain empirical knowledge.
I think the MPAA is an outdated and useless rating model that squanders creativity. CMV
As an American, in regards to war, corruption, health, and freedom, the future looks bleak for me, and certainly my children. CMV
I think that the ESRB (and the like) is useless CMV
I think Property Rights are the best way to ensure that pollution doesn't get out of hand. CMV.
I believe Term Limits in a democracy are really just a lazy alternative to actively participating in the democratic process, and actually do more harm than good. CMV
I think that paper books are inherently superior to eReaders. CMV.
I don't believe we should be concerned about global warming. CMV.
The most important function of government is stewardship, and Libertarianism is bankrupt because it doesn't account for this. CMV
I believe that rape culture stems from women's social expectations from men and should be addressed first before it can ever be solved. CMV
I think that inflation is a bad thing for the economy, CMV
A Resource Based Technocracy is the objectively best socioeconomic paradigm out there. CMV
I think Utopia is impossible. CMV
It is unethical to eat an animal (unless absolutely necessary for survival) CMV
I don't think people should comment if all they have to say is "late." CMV
I think our current amount of meat consumption in the first world is immoral. CMV
I think that any animal rights activist that harms humans/destroys research that would help humans should be prosecuted to a very high extent. CMV
I believe self posts should receive link karma. CMV
I don't think logistical problems or "where do we draw the line" are legitimate answers
I can't see any reason to be proud of your nationality and I instantly lose respect for people who say they are "proud to be american/british/whatever". CMV.
I believe that 9/11 was an inside job done by the US gov. CMV
[TCMV] A tool for solving conflict
I don't think Scotland should be independent. CMV
CMV I agree with white separatism
I don't think that you should make a post in /r/ChangeMyView unless you intend to actually reply to responses that are made shortly after it's posted. CMV
I believe Atheism is more comforting than Christianity. CMV
I dont think that homosexuality should be viewed as "normal". CMV
I think Python is the best first programming language, CMV.
I believe that people who complain about downvotes and fight to abolish them on this sub are just whining. CMV
Unless an animal clearly doesn't enjoy what's happening, I believe bestiality should not be morally frowned upon. I've searched and found no good arguments, so CMV (read the first sentence before you downvote)
I don't think that Stride gum really lasts that much longer than any other type of gum. Change my View!
Despite our love of 'freedom', i don't believe US citizens possess or exercise any rights or liberties not present in other similarly developed first world countries (britain, germany, etc.). CMV
I am not sure if global warming is a real issue. CMV either way.
I think Game of Thrones is boring and the mythology is patchy and poorly constructed.
I believe 10 gorillas would beat 100 humans in a cagefight. CMV
I don't think we should find a cure for cancer. CMV
I believe that the right to bear arms is a fundamental protector of democracy. CMV
I don't think the Boston bombing is really that big of a deal. CMV
I find use of the term 'stress' bankrupt, obfuscating and self-defeating. I don't think people should use the word stress to label their problems. CMV
I don't believe illegal immigrants are taking away jobs. CMV
I think the studying the arts in high school does not help prepare students for the "real world" CMV
I think that RaidCall is useless and in fact has made a negative effect on pro gaming communities. CMV.
These CISPA blackouts and shutdowns do more harm than good for the anti-CISPA movement.
I just don't understand why people are so crazy for Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs by Quentin Tarantino. CMV.
I believe we should keep obese, mentally handicapped, and extremely poor people that would need assistance from breeding. CMV
I think inferring clues about someone's personality from their appearance is immature, CMV
The USA's political system is severely if not fatally flawed, and I should get out as soon as I can and live in another country. CMV
I believe that any try to change the past (using time/dimensional travel) is horribly immoral. CMV.
I believe that most of the well upvoted posts on this subreddit receive upvotes simply because they are widely held opinions amongst Redditors. CMV.
I believe that if intelligent life were to travel to our planet, they would view us as a primitive, violent race. CMV
I don't think the USA can implement the nordic model
I Believe That the Rebel Flag (Dixie Flag) is Just as Inappropriate as the Nazi Flag. CMV
I think online purchases should be taxed at the rate the state you're ordering from mandates. CMV
I believe Digital Piracy is wrong, and needs to be stopped. CMV.
I believe that Third-Wave Feminism is not really necessary. CMV?
I think depression reveals truth. CMV
I believe that career activists don't actually want to solve problems, CMV
I believe that torture as potential punishment for the most heinous of crimes can save innocent lives. CMV.
I believe that Technocracy is the perfect form of government CMV
I don't believe in Zionism. CMV
I don't think there should be a minimum age for viewing pornography/sexual content. CMV.
I'm a misogynist and I really want to be proven wrong. CMV.
I think the boston bombings were caused by Craft International and the Tsarnaev brothers were setup CMV
Experiments for the advancement of medical products should be confined to consenting human test subjects rather than animals.
I think flashy funerals are a waste of taxpayers' money. CMV.
Minors should have an opportunity to vote. CMV.
I believe that in most cases, sex offender registries are counterproductive and often inconsistent with other views of justice. CMV?
I believe fate is undeniable. People who think they are in control are just in denial, CMV
I don't believe it's important to respect other people's gender identities.
I think delusional fantasies about overthrowing the government have no place in any discussion of gun control. CMV
The refusal to say 'curse words' is idiotic CMV
I don't believe there is apartheid in Israel. CMV
BriTANick is the funniest group on YouTube. CMV.
I believe that considering all viewpoints is more pragmatic than obstinately holding a single viewpoint CMV
U.S. is turning into a Police State- Change my View (very tough)
I think I would be a terrible king, and nothing I did using the states power would have a positive effect on the world CMV
I don't see any reason why a transgender person should be inherently treated or considered any different than someone who identifies as a different species. CMV
I find death really hard to accept.CMV
I think America should get rid of all welfare systems because it's the government's job to protect its people, but not parent them and that keeping welfare encourages laziness because they're just waiting for the next hand out CMV
Politically incorrect is the new political correctness. Change my view, if you can.
I think life doesn't have value and therefore nothing has consequences. CMV
My humble opinion on 'race' differences.
I don't see anything wrong with someone deciding to commit suicide. CMV.
I believe humans are animals and any distinction is arbitrary and teleological. CMV
I don't think you can ever truly be happy single. CMV.
I'm a doctoral student in psychology interested in evolutionary neuroscience. I believe in evolution, and therefore I believe that different races possess varying cognitive, temperamental, and physical attributes. CMV
I think this sub is filled with psuedo-intellectuals and bad reasoned arguments. CMV
Being a man means being able to make the most sadistic and sexual jokes
I don't believe in an afterlife and am terrified of dying. CMV
I don't think it's possible to cure a clinically depressed person without meds. CMV
I believe that catcalling should be considered flattering, not mysogynistic or rude. CMV.
I am unsure if discrimination against, or stereotyping a certain group or its tenets is the same as discrimination against the members of the group. I have no strong view on this and would like to form an opinion. NSV. CMV.
I believe black people are more racist than white people. CMV.
I don't believe the mentally handicapped are truly people, CMV
I don't believe in human rights. CMV
I cannot get the idea out of my head that abortion is murder. CMV
I think there is nothing wrong with finding 14-17 year old girls sexually attractive, and the age of consent should universally be 15 or 16. CMV.
The terrorists have won. CMV.
I see nothing wrong with rape jokes. CMV
I believe that rather than spending money on programs for the severly mentally disabled, schools should put money into programs that can help develop those who will eventually contribute to society. Please CMV
[META] Can we ban (or tag) OPs who abandon threads?
I think morality is subjective CMV.
I believe it is always poor judgment to get completely intoxicated. CMV
I believe a private, market based healthcare system is superior to a tax payer funded one. CMV.
I believe that we shouldn't hail the armed forces as 'heroes'. CMV.
I believe some women do "ask for it." CMV
I honestly believe money will lead to my happiness CMV
I believe individualism is the greatest threat to a society's existence. CMV
I believe that some art is objectively better than others and that the phrase "all art is subjective" only goes so far CMV
[META] I haven't yet found a subreddit for reasoning my intuition and believe this one might be appropriate.
I believe that philosophy would improve if it used fewer hypotheticals. CMV.
I am not convinced that "worse than death" is a meaningful statement from the point of view of the victim because the victim is well; dead. And hence cannot contemplate what has happened to them. CMV.
I believe that abortion should be illegal due to the possibility of fetuses being human beings CMV
I believe there should be a rule ix: Posts must be controversial enough to stir adequate discussion, rather than proposing an opinion that little to no users will disagree with.
I think that those so called "Greatest Bands of All Time" like Led Zeppelin or Rolling Stones are overrated and really not that much better then the music of today.
I think that moderately wealthy people have little to no understanding of what it's like to live as an average american does. CMV
I think professional sports industry raises human beings, capable of emotion, intellectual reasoning, and empathy, to be nothing more than mere pack animals CMV
I believe that furry porn contains such strong ties to zoophilia, that the anthropomorphism becomes irrelevant. CMV.
As someone who voted for Obama, I'm glad the gun control bill didn't pass. I fill like the gun control push was a waste of time and he should have chosen more pressing issue/agenda (fiscal and economic) to pursue.
I believe vivisection should be banned, even for medical research. CMV.
I believe people that make CMV posts normally have very black and white perspectives. CMV
I don't believe that there is such a thing as a "bad test taker" and that standardized tests such as the SAT are basically fair. CMV.
I believe that people who value relationships with animals over humans are dysfunctional to the point of requiring psychological therapy. CMV
I believe that the stock market is an invalid system. CMV
I believe everyone from the South are bigoted, gun-wielding, super conservative, dense people. CMV
I believe that after two years of soul searching, that being highly opinionated is potentially the biggest threat to achieving happiness. Change my view.
I think that a large amount of posts on /r/politics are done by PAID BLOGGERS rather than... Ya know... Us Folks. Please, only cause I used to really enjoy that sub... [CMV]
Appeals to emotion do not belong in discussion of legislative proposals. CMV.
I do not believe that the Constitution should define United States law. CMV.
I think that sex-selective abortion is always wrong. CMV
I don't believe that "security" makes us safer. At all. CMV
I believe that for the moment gas power is still the only reliable source of energy for cars CMV.
I believe that pedophilia is a sexual orientation and that pedophiles should have the same rights as homosexuals. CMV
The U.S. Military should pull out of every country it's stationed or occupied in, the U.S. should not initiate war, all military spending should be for defense, and we should leave countries we defend to fund their own militaries. CMV
I believe that people who love old wines, whiskeys and scotches are lying to appear classier. CMV
In the context of sexual attraction between male and female, I don't think equality will ever be attained. CMV
If there ever was a 'superhero' type person among us, our world would destroy itself by the panic and envy from the world government's who would be unable to harness that power. - CMV
The nature of man is basically bad. CMV
I believe that LinkedIn is a con, a circlejerk, and a waste of my time. CMV.
I believe that since citizens will be benefited or harmed by public policy no matter what, voting should be mandatory for all eligible citizens. CMV.
I don't believe that any non-heterosexual orientation can logically be a choice. CMV.
I think that all controversial posts in this subreddit will be downvoted and that's why I'm not going to post here. CMV
I believe that most of our donations to organizations are kept or used wrongfully. CMV
I believe sexism is rooted in the historical repression of women's sexuality. CMV
Marijuana should be legalized CMV
I believe Parental Influence goes too far when they force their kids into events/sports they don't want CMV or Argue for my view
I don't believe we the people have any practical say in government, and there's no use complaining about it. CMV
I think high intelligence and logical reasoning selects against violent action. CMV
I feel any gun laws will not stop any violence and that trying to prohibit anything is a waste of time. CMV
This is the worst tv theme song of all time...
The Superhero Movie Complex (theory on gay marriage). Please CMV
I do not plan on voting. CMV
I believe morality does not actually exist. CMV
I feel that people who feel sympathy towards disaster victims are phonies, and they don't feel real pity for them -- CMV
[CMV] Many people commenting on the Boston tragedy right now are being incredibly shallow.
I think it is legitimate for the Michigan Womyn's Festival to be a space for "womyn who at birth were deemed female, who were raised as girls, and who identify as womyn". CMV
I think commercial advertising is wasteful and insidious. CMV
I don't believe in guns. CMV
I believe that stricter gun control laws focused on who can acquire weapons and what types is only ever beneficial to the safety of individual citizens. CMV
T a video of the argument that made me an anarchist
I believe true objectivity is impossible and that all opinions are not equal.
I feel that the most important thing to do in the 21st century is make sure there are no "white" countries anymore. CMV
I don't see how God could let so much horrible stuff happen, and the free will argument doesn't make sense to me. CMV
[META] Is this subreddit an appropriate place for people on the fence and not leaning in either direction?
I think that research into wind and solar energy sources are a waste of time. Nuclear power is the only way to go. CMV.
I believe humanity can never form complete bonds with one another because once we get to know each other, those "bonds" quickly dissolves down to violence, hatred and death. CMV
I hold the view that nothing is sacred.
I believe solitary confinement can be an acceptable way of dealing with prisoners CMV
I believe that solitary confinement should never be a solution for dealing with any prisoner. CMV
I do not believe morals are Objective in any way. They are subjective and adjust accordingly nearly in every era of civilized society (and before). CMV?
[META] I believe that r/changemyview should award not just those that successfully changed others views, but those that successfully changed their own view/had their view changed. CMV
I don't believe that the Navy Seals killed Osama bin Laden in 2011. CMV.
I am sexist, CMV.
I believe that the human conception of 'free will' is illusory, and that everything we do is a product of a virtually infinite number of causes. CMV
I believe that buying frozen meals responsibly is more cost effective and offers more variety than cooking food from scratch with little lost in terms of healthy eating. CMV
Same-Sex Marriage is not about Equal Rights. CMV
I believe pick-up artists have an extremely unhealthy view of life. CMV
I think it's in the spirit of the subreddit to post questions with no interest in having your view changed and only to generate a conversation. As long as you are not opposed to having your view changed. CMV.
I genuinely believe the Connecticut school shooting was fake/fabricated. CMV.
I think that pride for anything but what you yourself directly accomplished causes much more harm than good. CMV
I think legal services should be part of the governments social/financial services. CMV.
I think that anti-discriminatory laws are necessary. CMV.
I'm bitter about being circumcised and as a result am an anti-Semite. CMV.
I think that speed cameras are an immoral and illegitimate method of law enforcement CMV.
I believe Unschooling is the way to go when it comes to education... CMV
I think the boys in that steubenville rape case got way too much crap throughout the whole trial....CMV
I believe all victimless crimes, including prostitution and drug use should be legalized. CMV
I'm not convinced there is any (single) external force or intelligence acting upon our world. CMV!
I think the efficient market hypothesis is incorrect. CMV
I think that complaining about front-page reposts on default subreddits is like yelling at people for laughing at a joke that you've already heard before. CMV
I don't believe idols or heroes require restraint to criticise and often require a great more scrutiny than others in popular media or culture. CMV.
I think that Northerners are smarter and more educated than Southerners (in the United States). CMV.
I don't think Barbie contributes to the prevalence of eating disorders. Cmv
I believe that order turns into chaos, rather than chaos turning into order, CMV
I believe felons should be able to legally purchase firearms. CMV
I think there is something fundamentally wrong with people who can afford a vets bill for treating an injured or temporarily sick pet, but elect not to in order to save money even though they can afford it. - CMV
I think pretty much all epiphanies caused by psychedelic drugs are just gibberish. CMV
I think any vehicle parked illegally should be fair game to vandalism without fear of legal repercussion. CMV.
It seems like Sen Dianne Feinstein and other Anti gun leaders have motives other than public safety.
I think you'll be permanently depressed after a existential crisis. CMV
I think that having unprotected sex, unless someone is specifically trying to get pregnant or birth control is being used with partners that have been confirmed to be disease free, is horrible idea and never worth the risk. CMV
I think rap/hip-hop music is of extremely low quality and it infuriates me that it has predominantly replaced music that is of higher basic quality. CMV
I believe "swatting" is a waste of public resources and an extremely unethical form of harassment and is always wrong. CMV.
I don't think I should try to reduce my carbon footprint. CMV.
I think perfume and cologne should be banned in public places. CMV
I think the host should initiate, plan, arrange, and entirely pay for dates, and then swap roles for the next date. CMV.
As religion is not determined by birth, I believe that it is narcissistic and arrogant to be proclaim that you are 'proud' to be an atheist. CMV
I thought everyone hated Michael Bay's movies as much as me, but apparently two of his films are on the Criterion Collection. What am I missing? CMV.
I think all college freshmen should be required to take a sociology class. CMV.
I think the current wording of Rule III is fine. CMV.
I believe it is not incorrect to use literally to mean figuratively in the right context as it is an example of hyperbole. CMV.
I think NAMbLA is perfectly reasonable. CMV
Vegetarians (and the like minded) are being hypocritical if they are Pro-Choice. CMV
I believe that dubbing an action as 'unnatural' is bullshit. CMV.
I believe people should not be allowed to bring babies in a movie theater except if it's a special "everybody can bring their babies" showing/theater. CMV
I think it is silly for a vegan to exclude honey from their diet. CMV
I believe that animal abuse, while emotionally uncomfortable and anger inducing for me to see or hear about, is not something that is my place to tell other people they can't do. It boils down to, "I don't like it so you can't do it!". CMV
I believe liberal arts have no place in universities. CMV
I think that the Men's Rights and Feminism subreddits do more harm than good. CMV
I believe condescending sarcasm and snark can be valid in discussion, particularly in relation to this subreddit. CMV.
I don't think I have an obligation to my child to provide financial support for post-secondary education. CMV
I believe that the world would be leagues better off without organized religion CMV
I believe people divide into two groups: "breeding" drones, and thinkers. CMV.
I believe that taking a college major that won't allow you to pay back your college tuition is irresponsible and self-destructive. CMV
I don't think gay people should be proud of their sexuality. CMV.
I believe Firefox+NoScript is a more secure web browser than Chrome. CMV
I don't believe homosexuals should be able to marry or adopt (with priority). CMV.
I think that according to current standards, homosexuality/Tran sexuality must be considered mental illnesses. Please CMV
I believe that, generally speaking, we shouldn't broadcast women's sports. CMV
I have very little faith in modern psychology/psychiatry. CMV.
I believe that most veganism (as well as raw food enthusiasts, etc) are mentally ill. CMV.
I fully believe that people who are offended are the ones to blame for being offended in nearly all instances. This trait of weakness should not be coddled. CMV
As a counterpoint to a post from yesterday: I think that colonialism has ruined every society it has come into contact with. CMV
If humanity isn't going to develop a fully sustainable method of living, then it must greatly limit and lower it population. CMV.
I think transsexuals are just emotionally immature CMV.
I don't believe mentally handicapped people should be given the rights as someone as else. CMV
I don't think atheists can have objectively meaningful lives
I believe an angel talked to me once when I was a child and there is other scientific explanation [CMV]
I believe that Suicidal People need to grow up and not take offence to idiots who put them down. CMV
I think Alternative Medicine is bullshit. CMV.
I think open source software is generally beneficial. CMV.
The earth goes through periods of cooling and heating, and right now the world is getting warmer in places, but I don't think we have anything to do with it. CMV
I find very religious people creepy and I feel their judgement is compromised due to their religion CMV
[CMV] I don't think hiring a white person over a black person who is equally qualified to be racism.
[MOD POST] So, the experiment of no downvotes is over, what did you all think?
I don't believe individuals are capable of scientific breakthroughs in the modern world. CMV.
I'll never change a diaper. CMV.
No claim is so harmful or crazy that merely discussing it (at CMV or elsewhere) should be forbidden. CMV
I don't think Golf is a sport, more of a hobby. CMV.
I believe the obese aren't entitled to the same accommodations we make for the disabled.
I am extremely pro-gay rights, but I think it's gross. Can you CMV?
I see nothing admirable or desirable about having patriotism. CMV.
I don't think that cultural heritage should play much, if any, role in self-identification. [CMV]
I believe the loss of 19th century European honour codes has resulted in an inept and weak soceity.
I think organ donation should be an opt-out system and if you do you also opt-out of receiving donated organs, should you need them. CMV
[tcmv] circlejerk is the best sub-reddit(for being good at reddit)
CMV I have no problem with upvote/downvote brigades.
I believe depression isn't a mental disorder. CMV
I believe that profanity, by itself, isn't a big deal. CMFV
I don't think vaccines are effective in wiping out disease. CMV
I think adults over 18 should be able to legally purchase and smoke Marijuana. CMV.
I think that tanning beds are completely wrong, CMV
I don't think ADD/ADHD is a real disease. CMV.
I think automatically tipping servers is stupid. CMV
I think brushing your teeth after you eat breakfast is gross CMV
I have a hard time believing alcoholism is a disease. CMV
I beleive that rights are intrinsic and self evident, they are not granted by any other party. CMV. Impossible mode.
I think that Half-Life was a bad game. CMV
I think all recreational drugs are ok when used responsibly. CMV.
I don't think teachers are underpaid. CMV.
I think investing and gambling are similar and should have the same laws. CMV.
I don't think that the second amendment protects individual rights to own firearms. CMV
Men and Women Can't Be "Just Friends". CMV
I dont think a 'head of state' serves any political purpose in commonwealth realms. I think the role should be taken on by the Prime Minister. CMV
I think Jimmy Carter was a decent president
I think wrestling is a soap opera for men and believe that anybody who watches it, enjoys it, and takes it seriously is a degenerate neanderthal with a low IQ. CMV?
There is nothing wrong with needing alcohol to have fun. CMV.
I prefer iOS to Android. CMV.
I think law enforcement officers should be held to a higher standard when they break the law themselves. CMV.
If you are an adult and you don't report a sexual assault, you are being extremely selfish and immoral.
I think male teachers do their job better as opposed to female teachers. CMV
I don't believe the obese should receive disability benefits or health care unless they commit to a supervised weight loss program. CMV.
I think that an algorithm which assigns downvotes to posts misrepresents the Reddit community and takes away from the quality of the site. CMV
I think unmarried fathers should have the right to absolve themselves of responsibility to their offspring. Please CMV.
TCMV I used to look down on people who care about sports
I am a child of political and social circumstances in Serbia post-1990 wars and I will have trouble functioning in western countries when I move out. CMV
I don't think that there is anything wrong with strapping a dildo to one's head in a gay pride parade. CMV
I think suicide is one of the most selfish acts a human being can commit. CMV
I think that being a teenage parent is wrong. CMV
I think this subreddit is dumb, CMV
I think doctors in the United States make too much money. CMV.
As an American taving travel around the world, I believe Western Europe is a better place to live than the United States.-CMV
I think when someone says, "it's an acquired taste" they really mean, "it's not good, but give it time and you make yourself forget how crappy this stuff is."
I think forced military service is morally reprehensible, and I see nothing wrong with draft-dodging. CMV
I think that American students should receive comprehensive sex education. CMV
I think that the gay rights struggle is really a distraction from actually important issues. CMV
I don't think lie detector tests should be relied on so heavily, CMV.
I think that, if used sparingly, texting lingo like "lol" and "haha" are absolutely fine, and are in fact a great way to easily express a bit of happiness and warmth to another person.
I believe the institution of legal marriage should be abolished. CMV.
The two party system is a sham. CMV
I believe that the purchase of medical data gained from Japan's Unit 731 is morally defensible. CMV
I believe future armed conflicts America involves itself in should require a mandatory military service draft. CMV
A filibuster has no place in Parliament and should be heavily penalised, if not illegal. CMV.
I'm religiously tolerant of almost all religions except for the one which my family is a part of. Please CMV.
I genuinely don't believe that feminism is for equality. CMV
I believe that all drugs should be legalized and government regulated and sold to the public. CMV
I think it should be illegal for police to radar drivers on an interstate highway system. CMV
I believe that mandatory voting with a none of the above option would be a preferable form to hold elections.
I believe that students should be able to have concealed weapons on campus. CMV.
As a casual gamer, I don't see any benefit in playing modern games. CMV
I see no reason for cheating and plagiarizing to be considered wrong in the academic world CMV.
I believe Apple creates superior personal, at home computers for the common user. CMV
I am of the opinion that video games are too important to today's youth, CMV
I believe that bearing a child of your own free will is literally the most evil individual action. CMV.
I am comfortable in my apathy. CMV
I believe that it is acceptable and should be legal for people to marry animals. CMV
I believe the United States should dismantle all of its nuclear weapons. CMV.
I think eating meat is worse than bestiality. CMV
I don't find Will Ferrell funny. CMV
I find I'm judgmental about single parents, but wish I weren't. Help me CMV.
I believe Capitalism is currently the best economic system there is. CMV
I think private schools should be abolished. CMV.
I think morality is generally simple, and can be summed up in the phrase, "Just don't be an asshole." CMV?
I don't believe we need to worry about 'man made' global warming. CMV
I believe the band Radiohead has achieved higher combined levels of critical acclaim, commercial success, and fan appeal, while more consistently producing high-quality music and maintaining their absolute creative integrity, than any band since The Beatles. CMV
As someone who enjoys many things about Japanese culture and plans to teach there within the next year, I just cant seem to find the enjoyment in anime. I really want to like/watch it if not for the language exposure alone...CMV
I've been using Windows 8 for about 6 months and love it. Apparently I'm in the minority though, so CMV. What am I missing?
I don't think it is rape (usually) when one person is impaired (drunk, drugs, etc)... CMV
The End Is Nigh! CMV
I think that Interest Groups are destroying American politics. CMV
I think sterilization should be an optional punishment for those found guilty of child negligence/abuse. CMV
A cure for cancer would be utterly disastrous for human civilization. CMV
I believe that women should be able to get an abortion legally should they choose to. CMV.
I think that high childhood obesity rates are due to overprotective parenting, and tv, video games, or fast food should not be blamed at all. CMV
Congrats /r/ChangeMyView - you are Subreddit of the Day for April 8, 2013!
I think that we should throw the toilet paper in the trash, CMV
I don't believe alcohol impairs decisions making. CMV
I don't think diversity is important. CMV
I don't think its wrong to have a relationship with a friend's ex. CMV
I think people give undue credit of human progress to "capitalism" CMV
I think socialism is the best form of government. CMV
I believe socialist countries like China, North Korea, and Cuba are what caused the 2008 financial collapse. CMV
I think most, if not all, sci-fi and fantasy are at the emotional level of an adolescent male. Not that that's bad, that's just where they're at. CMV
I think America should cut our military budget in half. CMV
I think cutters/self-harmers are mentally weak and lack appropriate problem-solving skills CMV
I agree with affirmative action at the college level, but disagree at the corporate level (for post-undergraduate jobs). CMV
I believe risk justifies taking money from the product of a workers labor, CMV
I am personally against organ donation. CMV
I don't think Western liberal democracies should legalize addictive substances. CMV.
I don't think that any social drinking (alcohol) is justifiable. CMV
I believe we as humans have invented electricity as opposed to harvesting it. CMV
I believe women should only be able to give birth to two children due to overpopulation CMV
I don't think human civilization will survive to see the next century. CMV
I believe that you can choose your emotions and therefore being offended is a choice. CMV.
I think less of anyone who holds religious beliefs. CMV
I believe that the fact that Police are allowed to lie to suspects makes them inherently untrustworthy, CMV
When a girl is insecure about her looks despite my opinion, I take offence. CMV.
I think people who hate on fedora wearers are the ones with the problem. CMV.
I absolutely despise atheist organizations that attempt to remove public religious symbols. CMV
I don't think men are convicted for Rape for having drunken sex if neither party is passed out and both parties consent - CMV
CMV I don't believe that if two people are drunk and have sex that either should be able to be charged with rape.
I don't believe soldiers are heroes. CMV
CMV I believe this sub-reddit should get into the habit of using the acronym at the start of the post rather than the end.
I don't believe that private gun ownership should be legal. CMV
My friend(male) is pretending to be a girl and exploiting horny men online. I think this is morally wrong. CMV
I don't believe that a married couple is any more legitimate, committed, or loving than any other long-term couple who doesn't want to get married, CMV.
I think space exploration is a complete waste of time, effort and money. CMV
Lighter skinned people treated better VS darker/tanned skin. CMV
I think that this subreddit has turned into 15 year old kids writing term papers who are too lazy to do their own research. CMV
I think politicians are misunderstood and underappreciated, especially in American society. I also think that it is the electorate that needs to be chastised and held accountable, not the government. CMV.
I think Reddit encourages polarization and groupthink. CMV
I think there is not enough attention being paid to raise the standard of living of people to the point where more than that where basic necessities are available to them. A higher standard of living, perhaps even luxury is a worthwhile cause. CMV.
[MOD POST] The community has spoken - downvotes will be removed from comments (for a week) to see how it goes down.
I believe the theory of evolution is in a different class than other theories, but is not treated (or appreciated) as such. CMV.
Mission trips are usually a waste of money. CMV
I think affirmative action is racist/prejudice. CMV
I believe Political Correctness keeps us from making significant social progress. CMV
I don't think it's wrong for a girl to be slutty and promiscuous provided that she practises safe sex and birth control. CMV
I think iPhones are over rated and lack functionality and basic features. CMV
I believe research into Artificial Intelligence should be banned much like Nuclear Weapon technology. CMV!
I don't understand why white people in the US are afraid to use the word nigger out of racist context, as in "My grandma used say nigger in public", even when they are not the ones abusing the word. CMV.
I believe the US is a propagandistic country CMV
I think it's ironic for women to dress up as overly sexualized characters created by middle aged men thinking it's empowering at comic book conventions and other cosplay events. CMV
I think most people only do charity for their self satisfaction. Not for the benefit of those in need. CMV
I believe in the Friedman doctrine, that a companies only obligations are to make money and abide by the law. CMV!
I'm only actually confident, assertive, and feel like "myself" when I'm drunk or high. Change my view.
I think that embellishing, but not diving, is perfectly fine in sports CMV
I believe that parents who choose not to vaccinate their children should be fined. CMV
I don't understand why hickeys are considered romantic or why they are pleasurable
I think spiderman is the best superhero CMV
I think the world is in too poor a state to bring more children into it.
I believe this subreddit has become a platform for circlejerk opinions to get confirmation bias under the guise of changing their view. CMV.
I believe that bar/restaurant owners have the right to allow/disallow smoking in their establishment, CMV
I think that saying "African-American" to universally describe black people is incorrect. CMV
I believe far too many US policies are based on emotion and not logic. CMV
I think life imprisonment is just as bad as capital punishment. CMV
I think life is just a fucking game and nothing matters. CMV
I only believe it is important to respect you. I don't think your beliefs deserve as much, if any respect at all. CMV
I believe that Saudi Arabia has a just legal system. CMV
I think that writing a novel is pointless. Please CMV
I don't like Radiohead. Please CMV.
I think anime is stupid/for kids and only losers watch it. CMV
I don't believe, when speaking in another language, you should have to speak with that accent. CMV
I don't see how being drunk and in "promiscuous" clothing, doesn't increase the chance of rape
I think if animals can be euthanized than so could people. CMV
I think the trend of privatizing the US Prison system is terrifying and unethical. CMV.
I think Superman would beat Batman in a fight every time. CMV.
I think the ability to harmlessly acquire digital goods for free through piracy means that movies, music, tv shows, etc. are no longer products that have any monetary value. CMV
I believe that if you support democracy, you must respect the Christian opposition to gay marriage. CMV
I think that the death penalty should be abolished. CMV
[TCMV] I used to think it was too much work to remove ableist language from my vocabulary
I think that all religion is bad and should never have existed, CMV
I believe that some university/college/higher education is fast becoming a waste of time. CMV.
I think that "he" as a default pronoun is completely acceptable and does not pose a threat to women/feminism. CMV
I think that feminism is 1) sexist and 2) harmful to equality. CMV.
I don't see how necrophilia is immoral, even though it's absolutely disgusting. Can you (please) CMV?
I think being a vegan for any other reason than your health is ridiculous. CMV
I am a Christian CMV
I believe women just wear makeup to get attention, and that wearing it indicates self-esteem or self-worth issues. Reddit, please CMV!
I think people should be referred to with the pronoun of their physical gender, not the one they identify as. CMV
If you are willing to eat meat, then I don't think you should be grossed out by eating ANY meat, including dog meat, hamster meat, snake meat.. even human meat. CMV
[MOD POST] /r/changemyview is looking for new moderators!
I believe women should have full rights to terminate a pregnancy if the fetus is found to have a genetic disorder. CMV
I believe that with the possible exception of sociopaths, every human being is inherently good &amp; conflict comes from differing perspectives. CMV
I think networking (think business, not computers) is corruption. CMV
I don't think gender should matter. CMV.
I dislike gender identity as a concept. CMV.
I don't care that websites and smartphones apps track my browsing history, GPS data, or use/sell my personal info for advertising purposes. CMV.
I believe that knowledge and invention are intrinsically good. CMV
I think that fraternities and sororities are wastes of time and are full of partiers. CMV
I do not believe the second amendment is a useful safeguard in the event that the US becomes a tyranny. CMV
I think all people should be treated equally but I still think that children are best raised in an environment with a mother and a father
I believe that religious organizations are a cult that use manipulative techniques on there members to get compliance. CMV
I believe that if abortion is completely legal, then infanticide should be legal also. CMV.
I feel that those diagnosed with Huntington's disease should be forcefully sterilized
I believe clubs that are suppose to celebrate diversity (like the black student union) only cause a more segregated society! CMV
I believe putting somebody in jail/prison is wrong in most cases. CMV?
I think Bronies are ridiculous. CMV
I believe the NCAA serves the very opposite of its student's best interest. CMV
I don't think its a good idea to treat illnesses that are genetic because we are increasing their rate in the human population CMV
I consider people who work minimum wage jobs to be failures at life CMV
I believe America is the least "free" of the G8 nations. CMV
I don't think guns should be an absolute right in the US. CMV.
I believe PE/Gym class in public schools should be mandatory and students should be graded on performance. CMV
I believe that different races of people should be classified as different subspecies of Homo Sapiens Sapiens. CMV.
I'm not sure which is better; renting, or buying a house. CMV?
I believe that professional athletes get paid a disproportionate amount of money for the little contribution they make to society. CMV
I think that pre-op transgendered individuals identify as gay. CMV
There is no benefit in using Bitcoin other than for tax evasion.
I think our generation remains blissfully ignorant about how much time we waste behind glowing screens (Internet, video games, television, iphones, etc.) and how detrimental it is to a fulfilling life.
I think college is way too easy and the number of people graduating college should be cut in half.
I believe that those who don't vote in democracies have no right to complain about laws their government passes. CMV
I think if homosexual people can be recognized by the state, then polygamy and incest should be too. CMV
I don't believe global warming exists. CMV
I don't think that people of low intelligence should have every right that an intelligent person has. CMV
I think 99% of people (including myself) are not qualified to vote or even debate politics. CMV
I believe immigration from South-East Asia should be blocked into NA due to the massive strain on our welfare system because of them CMV
I think transgendered people are morally obliged to tell people they used to be the other gender before engaging in intercourse/a relationship with someone. CMV
I don't think parents should lie to their kids about the Easter Bunny, Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy, etc. CMV!
i think SRS (shitredditsays) subreddit should be banned CMV
I don't believe people with children should get tax breaks. CMV
I believe nothing should be held sacred, i.e. - everything can be challenged, and often should be - CMV
Why not require mandatory parenting classes to new parents?
I believe that Aboriginal land rights in Australia is a non-issue. They are not owed anything. CMV
I don't think being homosexual is thing you're born with, I think its a choice. CMV.
I think African-Americans haven't been able to break the cycle of poverty because their culture is trash. CMV
I don't believe that any human has free will, CMV
Polygamy should be just as well accepted as homosexuality. CMV
I Think Modern Feminism is Unnecessary CMV
I can't stand country music CMV
I think My Little Pony is ridiculous, and I really don't think there's any real appeal for a grown man beyond the idea of "being quirky" or "breaking gender roles" CMV
I believe broken marriages make people undateable. CMV.
CMV - Discussion on sound and what it is.
I think alimony in the U.S. is completely unfair - CMV.
I think no one should attempt to change their sex (i.e. tansgender) CMV
I don't believe in love at first sight. CMV
I believe that Affirmative Action should not exist. CMV
I hate pop-music. CMV
I don't believe the term "feminist" has any significance anymore, CMV
I don't agree with transgender people and that you can be "born in the wrong body"
I don't understand the virtue of faith, CMV.
I think that racial/other kinds of profiling can be justified. CMV
I think people that draw unemployment checks are lazy and not even trying to get a job. CMV
I don't believe that cheating is as big a deal as some people make it. CMV.
I don't believe in most forms of welfare, CMV
I don't think asking people if they are gay is rude. CMV
Marriage is stupid. Especially if you're a male. Change my view, but it will be damn hard.
I believe that any immigration policy other than open borders is downright immoral. CMV
I don't see why hitting men is acceptable, but hitting women is not. CMV
I don't believe that addiction is a disease that addicts are powerless to control. CMV.
America Has Too Many Laws Regarding Liability and This Helps Create Stupidity.
Sex shouldn't be a big deal.
I have no sympathy for victims of suicide. CMV
I am disgusted by mentally handicapped people. CMV
I don't believe that you have to be a part of the certain culture/race that you're making fun of for it to be okay. CMV
I believe that a woman should have the right to terminate a pregnancy within the first two trimesters. CMV.
I don't think gay marriage is an important issue, and I don't think it deserves even 1% of the attention it receives.
I think that r/atheism has more hate and ignorance than most modern christians. CMV
CMV ~format idea~
I believe reality TV can be just as good as scripted TV. CMV
I think sometimes racism is justified. CMV.
I dont find sex appealing CMV
I can't stand flamboyant gay people. CMV
I think politics is a waste of time. CMV
CMV. I can't justify the amount of money I, and everyon else, spend on stupid useless luxuries like xbox games and bongs while the same money could go to feed a starving person.
I Believe That Public Nudity Should Be Legal CMV
I believe same sex marriages should be legal. CMV
The most moral thing I could do starting now is to make as much money as I can in a non-immoral way and then donate it to the most efficient causes, diversifying a bit just for safety. CMV
I believe that abortion, while it should not be illegal, should be done at nowhere near the rate it is done today. CMV
Minimum wage should not exist
I don't believe depression is a real illness.
I believe that everyone should be free, 100%. CMV
I don't believe that "cop killers" are any worse than regular killers. CMV
I think that loud motorcycles should be illegal. CMV.
CMV-- I don't think incest is immoral, though it disgusts me.
I believe authoritarian regimes are better for minorities in the middle east. CMV.
I think it is stupid that companies sue one another over names such as "App Store" or "McDonalds" CMV
I believe that "marriage" was a religious term first, thus the government should not say anything about it. CMV
I didn't think Duke Nukem Forever was NEARLY as bad as people wanted you to think it was. CMV
I think that, by and large, the word "art" is meaningless and should not be used. CMV.
I believe that drone strikes are at least a neutral if not a positive alternative to standard man-driven bombing runs. CMV.
I believe that libertarians value material possessions more than human lives. CMV
I believe 9/11 was carried out/desired by the US government. CMV.
I used to think offensive slurs and jokes were totally justified when not used seriously; TCMV.
I believe in absolute Free Speech and Freedom of Expression. CMV
I believe that President Obama is a sociopath
I don't believe wearing a seat-belt in a privately owned vehicle should be enforced by law, CMV
Consent given while drunk is still consent, claiming rape after the fact shouldn't be possible. CMV
CMV- Although Homosexual parents are capable and loving parents, their children will surely be subject to teasing, hazing, and prejudice,by their peers thus hindering their social growth.
Being gay is a choice.CMV
i think "defensive voting" is more harmful to ur position in the long run cmv
I believe that those caught excessively speeding or driving while severely intoxicated should get the death penalty. CMV.
CMV - Children Raised By Homosexual Parents Have A Higher Chance of Becoming Homosexuals.
I think the death penalty is more rational than life in prison CMV
Groups on the internet can be very harmful. These often partisan/self-celibrating silos shout-down/browbeat opposing opinions and reject intellectually legitimate POVs with false/negative labels, not to mention sheer majority which intimidates many to ignorantly conform:CMV
I don't think "safe spaces" are a good idea. CMV
[Devil's Advocate] The supreme court shouldn't go making up "new" rights. CMV
CMV that predeterminism exists
I think that if homosexuals are allowed to marry, then incestuous marriages should be legal as well. CMV
I oppose feminism, and I don't think women are equal to men. CMV.
I believe that people shouldn't be legally held accountable for their actions when significantly intoxicated, CMV.
I don't understand gay people. CMV. (x-posted to /offmychest)
I don't think the media should cover any individual murder or rape cases whatsoever. CMV
I don't understand why people are rushing to get onto Pheed. It's a step backwards for the culture of freedom that has been fostered by the internet. CMV
I don't think the Star Wars prequel series is as bad as people perceive it. CMV.
I believe that nature is the antithesis of harmony. CMV
I think that couples that do not have kids are selfish, CMV
I believe the next major economic crash will happen this year, 2013. CMV
I feel the "talent" of acting and actors are overrated. CMV
I think minors 12 and above can give consent. CMV.
I would rather work with a computer than a human being. CMV
I hate the rain. CMV
I'm not sure the people caught on Dateline's "To Catch a Predator" should be arrested.  Please CMV.
I don't think the media should be allowed to report on court cases. CMV
I find teenage dating silly. CMV.
I'm a Catholic, and our respected Cardinal says that seeking legal actions against priests accused of sexual abuse will just "add to the pain". I do not see any wisdom in that. CMV
I think an iPhone is better than a Galaxy S3, CMV.
I believe that Arrested Development is an unfunny show. CMV
I believe no living thing should be subservient to another. CMV.
I believe Jay-Z, and other 33 degree freemasons, are devil worshippers - CMV
I believe that most people are inherently good, don't need to be told what to do, and can easily deal with a few bad eggs without outside intervention. CMV.
[CMV] Historical consequences are not contained in historical conditions.
I don't think anyone under ~15 should be using reddit. CMV
Didn't care much about gf's past sexual encounter because it was with same sex, until TCMV.
I believe all software patents hold back innovation and should be eliminated. CMV
I believe that parents who spoiled their child are bad parents CMV
I believe empiricism is useful but not important
[MOD POST] A rearrangement of the guidelines, and another minor change.
I think Fascism is a bad political system. CMV
I'm very pro personal liberty, very pro gay, very pro trans, but I have a hard time accepting the idea of someone being gender fluid. CMV
I am not an organ donor, CMV.
I believe the online Metal community is one of the most snobbish and segregated communities in music. CMV.
This article is about a hedge fund manager who profited from gun company stocks after the sandy hook shooting. I don't think what he did was immoral. CMV
I believe it is hypocritical to be pro-life, but not a vegetarian. CMV
I believe in a young Earth and a universe that is 6,000 years old rather than 13.8 Billion [CMV]
I think pirating movies/TV shows/music/software is theft and should continue to be illegal. CMV.
I think being dumb &amp; ignorant is better than smart &amp; enlightened. CMV
I believe the large majority of people are fundamentally idiots. CMV
I think Bitcoin will reach 100 dollars each by the end of 2013. CMV
I'm a left wing political supporter. CMV
I think that assisted suicide should be an option for anyone, legally and morally (and I don't think suicide is cowardly or offensively selfish). CMV.
CMV Libertarianism is starting to make more sense than having a middle-of-the road ideology.
I (am starting to believe) that flouride in water has problems that outweigh the benefits...CMV?
CMV I think that "born-again" is radically anti-Christian
I believe there is an anti-intellectual movement happening in the USA and it might eventual cause the country to fall behind the rest of the develop world-CMV
Private colleges would be cheaper and better than public ones.  Why is this false for college but true for charter k-12?
[TCMV] I'm a lot more receptive to Catholicism and changed the way I thought about euthanasia.
I think privacy is dead, and worrying too much about it is a waste of time, CMV.
I believe polyamory/polygamy isn't love, it's just sugar-coated greed. CMV.
I don't believe women's right will endure. CMV.
I believe we put too much emphasis on science and engineering studies.CMV.
Anarcho-capitalism or any form of state-less society is a terrible idea. CMV
I'm on the fence about Brutalist architecture. CMV.
I am against affirmative action based on race. CMV.
There Isn't a Good Argument Against Genetic Screening and Eugenics, CMV
I think there are normal people and mentally ill people. No middle-ground. CMV
I think that black people in America are often a victim of their own culture more than a victim of discrimation. CMV
I am against gay marriage. CMV
I believe that we shouldn't try to cure cancer or most other diseases. CMV
I think that women have just as many, if not more, rights than men. CMV
I don't think torture is morally permissible under any circumstances. CMV.
I think the TCMV section of changemyview should be removed already - CMV
I believe that prisons should be work camps where you must work if you want to eat. CMV.
I don't see the practical purpose of believing in privilege CMV
I have an inferiority complex about being circumcised due to where I live and a lot of the people on reddit, CMV.
There is not a single good argument against legalized gay marriage.cmv
I think that chiropractic medicine and acupuncture are not effective. CMV.
The United States government will never become tyrannical.CMV
I believe that personal firearms can do nothing to "prevent tyranny" in the modern age. CMV
I believe that in a functional and constitutional democracy, a "right to bear (fire)arms" is a bad idea. CMV
I think smoking should be banned in all non-residences. CMV.
Smokers should not be privileged with extra breaks at work. CMV.
I think cheating on your partner isn't bad aslong as you get away with it. CMV
American Societal Decay is the Karmic Justice Retribution for the Slave Trade. CMV.
The Greek System in colleges ruins a school for me. CMV.
I think incest should be legal. CMV
i think people base way to much respect on how well u pull off correct grammar cmv
In my opinion, Paul Krugman is one of the few pundits who lays out a good argument for how to improve the economy. CMV
I believe that not cleaning up after yourself at fast food restaurants and movie theaters creates jobs for those who clean up the trash and is therefore a positive thing for society. CMV
I believe the vast majority of people are bi-amorous and most also bisexual. CMV.
I have been forced by my job to go into counseling where they have classed me as aspergic and having an anger problem but I don't want to conceived as some kind of spastic that cant look after himself! CMV
Change my view posts are generally more geared towards the OP wanting to argue about a subject rather than being open minded to change about it.  CMV
The majority of redditors are know nothing always alone basement dwelling virginal American dickwads.
CMV.
I know nothing of Scientology and will assume it is ok as I like and respect Tom Cruise and his movies. CMV.
I have problems with Eastern European and Mediterranean cultures due to online gaming. CMV
I think replacing individual vehicles with mass transit for the majority of people would be a good thing. CMV.
I believe global warming is undeniably real and caused by humans.  To believe otherwise is simple denial and stubbornness. CMV
I can't shake the stereotype that the American South is still filled with racism and backwardness. CMV
I strongly believe "once a cheat, always a cheat" - CMV.
I am not a Christian nor am I an atheist. But I believe that Christ was trying to send a specific message. CMV
I feel like answers to CMV threads are too long. CMV
[MOD POST] A chance to express any concerns/suggestions you have, plus a couple of points we wish to raise.
I do not believe that "Free Will" is a coherent concept. CMV
I believe in universal health care. CMV
I'm turning 24 and I feel like my youth is over. CMV
I think that United States politics is beyond repair and drastic, yet unrealistic changes need to be made in order for it to become effective. CMV
(Believe it or not) I do not believe that we actually know what we believe. TCMV+CMV.
I believe Pagans and Mormons have psychological problems, CMV.
I don't think goodness exists. CMV
I believe that The Problem of Evil is an insurmountable theological problem that effectively disproves Abrahamic faiths. CMV
I think John Lennon only married Yoko Ono because she looked like him. CMV
I think that the feel good military posts on reddit are propaganda CMV
I dont believe anything is permanent or transcendant. CMV.
I think the Spanish La Liga does not deserve four UEFA Champions League spot. CMV
I don't believe life has any actual value. CMV
I don't see any good reason to gamble at a casino. CMV
I think that people who express that they do not want help should not be helped, unless their life is at stake. CMV
I believe the issue of Gay Marriage is being exploited for the purpose of hiding that the Obama Administration is actually neo-conservative.  CMV.
I don't believe men can be raped by women. CMV.
I don't see anything wrong with a consenting adult having as many sex partners as they want. CMV.
I think that people who are sexually active at an early age should be looked down on, CMV.
I think linguistic diversity is harmful and we should just have Lingua Franca, CMV.
I believe that people outside of my acquaintance are not deserving of any compassion or empathy, CMV.
Deep down, I don't believe in friendship, loyalty, love or relationships. CMV
I'm starting to think we should only allow same sex couples to raise children. CMV
I believe that, in this day and age, we do not need representatives in government. CMV
CMV I think that the United States is completely justified in building a fence across the Mexican Border (or using other means) to protect themselves from illegal immigration.
I believe a government is not necessary-CMV
The argument that everyone should have a gun for defense reasons makes absolutely no sense to me - CMV
I believe it should be illegal for banks to require a minimum balance. CMV.
CMV I believe that the United States should invest in a global ad campaign.
I do not think homosexuality is genetic. CMV
I don't think democracy is always the best form of government. CMV
I believe procreation to be immoral. CMV
I believe intelligent people should be richly rewarded for being intelligent. CMV.
I think obesity is a choice. CMV
I think that marijuana impairs drivers. CMV
I believe that space exploration is an unjustifiable waste of resources that owes its support to childish science fiction fantasies.  CMV
I think that all guns should be banned.

CMV
I don't think the Beatles were that good at all. CMV.
I think that some American minorities (specifically black and Latinos, not Asians) do not work as hard and contribute as other immigrants and are consequently diluting our great country. CMV
I think Hitler was bad. CMV
I think i am better than people. CMV.
I don't believe in free will CMV
I reject Marxism because of the tendency for communist parties and leaders to become less revolutionary over time and embrace capitalism. CMV
As a mod of this here subreddit, my preference is to err on the side of permissiveness. CMV
I think that homosexuality is a choice. CMV
I believe that a disproportionate number of individuals who excel in and teach mathematics (and some related fields) suffer from the "Curse of Knowledge" bias. CMV
I want to take a year off between High School and College CMV
I think the United States should cut off foreign aid completely. CMV
I believe that high schools in America put more focus on arbitrary hard work than they do on teaching. CMV
I think Marijuana is bad for you (mentally speaking)
CMV
I believe we should cut welfare and let the poor either die or survive by their own means. CMV
[CMV] I don't believe man are able to be raped by women.
I think most apple products aren't worth it CMV.
I believe that cheating is acceptable in the high stress environment that students are placed in today because of higher requirements for entry to college and more and more pressure from society. CMV
I think that most, if not all republican politicians are motivated by greed rather than in helping country (US) CMV
I don't see anything wrong with drug testing welfare recipients. CMV.
I believe that college is a complete waste of time and money (say for a few professions) and does nothing to help with a getting and/or maintaining job.
I've only dated shy girls because I fear any other type (e.g. outgoing) will be more susceptible to cheating. CMV
I think democracy is a terrible form of government.  CMV
I feel that you can't become world renowned for something through talent alone - you have to be extremely lucky. CMV.
While I respect them plenty, I feel like the only reason people want to change their gender is because of deep psychological problems CMV
I believe that government has no right to incarcerate drug offenders for ANY drug. - CMV
I believe that liberty is the basic moral principle of society. CMV.
I believe 100% in American exceptionalism, and that that the world needs our leadership. CMV.
I believe taxation is theft and collected through coercion CMV.
I think the saying "A good key can open many locks, but a shit lock is opened by many keys" has some truth to it. CMV.
I believe that much of higher academia emphasizes ego, self-image, and peer status based on easily demonstrable qualities such as quickness and cleverness instead of accuracy, wisdom, thoughtfulness or expansive/speculative thinking.
i think its better for others to be logically consistent, then for them to agree w/ me cvm
I believe the whole world should unite properly as a human race, CMV.
I don't understand why many Americans deify their founding fathers, and I feel as though I'm missing something obvious. CMV.
I don't see anything wrong with cheating (physically) on your SO and don't understand the stigma attached to it. CMV
My family wants to go to Disney in Florida, and I don't want to. I don't like roller coasters and think I'm too old. CMV.
I see no logical reason to spend more money on a Mac opposed to a PC unless a college class requires one. CMV.
I dislike almost all of my SO's friends, and I believe this will end our relationship - CMV.
I think NASCAR is boring. Reddit, CMV!
I think most conspiracy theories are true, but are downplayed by higher powers to make everyone think they are ridiculous, CMV.
i think we need to bring back the word "l'arned" cmv
I don't believe in 'school choice'. CMV
I believe home schooling is the best form of education. CMV.
I think most atheists are better people than most religious people. CMV
I believe masturbation is completely fine. CMV.
I think the idea of Christianity doesn't make sense. CMV
I am horribly attracted to fictional characters CMV
I don't believe I have to like or spend time with my family/relatives just because we are related. CMV
I believe that working on my own consciousness is the most important thing I can be doing at the age of 21
I don't like tattoos. I find them a turn off on girls, and don't want to look at the same picture for the rest of my life. CMV
Two people in a committed monogamous relationship would be happier and more in love than however many people in a polyamorous relationship. CMV
I believe humans should EXPLORE and COLONIZE the unexplored depths of the OCEAN BEFORE we keep on attempting life in OUTER SPACE. Good luck CMV if I havn't already changed yours
The rich have no obligation to help the poor. CMV
I think any dental care (brushing, going to dentist, etc.) is a waste of time. CMV
[MOD POST] Just a possible change to the delta points system that we'd like your opinion on.
I think that world peace is an impossible thing unless humans change into something we now would not recognize as human. CMV
I believe that intelligent design (not necessarily the six-day creation as Christians believe), but the idea that the universe did not happen by accident, is a valid theory, and should be taught alongside evolution. CMV
I greatly dislike black women. CMV
I believe there should be no such thing as inheritance. CMV.
I believe a government-funded single-payer system is the best way to get universal health care at affordable rates and high quality. CMV
I think Apple is a horrible company. CMV
I'm offended by proselytization of any sort. CMV
I have a bad feeling about humans colonising other planets, CMV.
[MOD POST] New "delta points" system and /u/DeltaBot. Let us know what you think.
I think gay marriage is unnecessary (in the UK). CMV.
I'm an Objectivist.  CMV
I am agnostic. CMV
I hate vegetarians. CMV.
Because all human thoughts, behaviors, and emotions can be reduced to chemicals which biologists and chemists can study, the field of psychology is unnecessary.
The universe was created with black holes
I think that it is still not entirely open-minded to "want your view changed." CMV.
I do not think historical racism or sexism should be given the emphasis it has in education. CMV
I think the anti-bullying crusade will have some negative consequences. CMV
I believe that the universe and, in extention, my life has no inherent purpose or meaning. CMV
I tend to see deeply religious people as stupid. CMV
I don't think whether someone is a bigot or racist should affect my decision to buy something from them.  CMV.
I believe that people can do no wrong. CMV
There is no altruism. CMV.
[MOD POST] Direct responses to the CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP's current stated viewpoint (however minor).
I believe that, even with the technological advancement of homeschool, its still more harm than good for children. CMV.
I don't believe elders automatically deserve my respect, CMV.
There's nothing wrong with grouping people by their ability level and treating them accordingly
Work should not be a commodity. CMV
I think that all semi-automatic and concealed weapons should be banned CMV
I don't think democracy is necessarily better than any other way of governing a country CMV
I dont believe new gun laws will change anything CMW
I believe prisons should not be privatized. CMV.
I think that if a girl hits me that I should be able to hit her back. CMV
I can't find any reason to believe in free will. CMV?
I think that men should be able to opt out of child support. CMV.
I don't understand why lesbians get with butch women who look and act just like men.
Gun control is not necessary in America, and, in fact, we should have less of it. CMV
I think labeling of GMOs is a reasonable step to allow consumers to manage their own risk. CMV
I think global warming is mostly alarmism. CMV
I think dense, urban infrastructure is the cheapest, and most efficient way to allocate resources. Conversely, I think the Suburbs are a waste of money, and ultimately unsustainable (More info inside). CMV.
I think non-violent criminals shouldn't be sent to prison. CMV?
I think a flat tax would be worse for America than the current tax rates. CMV
I think Capitalism is the best socio-economic system to date. CMV
I think bullying people with ginger hair is just as bad as bullying people with coloured skin, CMV.
I believe that there should be no legislated discrimination or quotas in enployment or education. CMV
I used to believe strongly in Freedom of Speech, TCMV, CMV back?
I don't see any problem with eating horses, dogs, cats, or any other animal. CMV
I don't believe in states' rights. CMV
I don't think white males are as privileged as they are made out to be. CMV?
I can't help but think a rape victim's clothing actually can make them more of a target, CMV?
I believe Tobacco should remain legal. CMV
I think believing in free will is beneficial, regardless of its reality - CMV
I see no reason that prostituition should be illegal CMV
All else being equal, I always root against the more successful team at a sporting event. CMV
I do not love my parents. CMV
I believe those who want power shouldn't have it. CMV.
I believe there should be an international accounting standard
I don't think warning labels should be required for products sold. CMV
[MOD POST] Your mods are looking for feedback on growing pains, recurring problems, and possible solutions
I am a pessimist, you can try CMV but it is extremely unlikely
I believe info about people who have concealed-carry weapons permits should be public. CMV
I don't believe porn is detrimental to society. CMV.
Chris Dorner didn't need to be burned to death. CMV
While I agree with vegetarianism, I still eat meat because I don't think it will make a difference to the meat industry whether or not one person eats meat. CMV
I believe that every individual will never be satisfied after reaching their goals. CMV.
I feel that Islam is, on the whole evil, and that many Muslims in Britain should be deported. Please CMV
I believe suicide is an unrespectable act of weakness with few exceptions. CMV.
I think purposely not masturbating is idiotic (e.g. r/NoFap) CMV
I get internally furious whenever girls/guys in a relationship (including my girlfriend) comment on the attractiveness of anybody else, especially celebrities, simply because I think it's wrong for a significant other to think about that sort of thing. CMV.
I believe society is in a decline CMV
[TCMV] I used to be against tipping, but after working as a waiter, I now tip.
I don't accept the reassigned gender of people who have been gender reassigned. CMV
I think that if a job requires higher education, the company should be required to fund said education. CMV
I believe the US Constitution should be amended to prevent corporate influence over elections. CMV
I don't believe males and females can be "Just friends". Please CMV.
I think all narcotics should be legalized, taxed, and regulated. CMV
I believe the downsides of immigration from the third world and modern multiculturalism significantly outweight the positives, and thus Europe should severely limit immigration from Africa and the Middle East. CMV.
[MOD POST] Welcome new members! Some Reminders...
I believe polygamy should be a legal part of marriage. CMV.
I strongly dislike all new music. CMV
I believe there are no valid arguments for eating meat, other than "I like the taste" - CMV
I think circumcision should be just as illegal for boys as it is girls. CMV
I feel that the continued innovation and advances in technology will contribute to the hindrance of job growth and eventually be one of the prime reasons the younger generations will have less employment opportunities and be worse off financially than any other generation before. CMV
I think body wash is a wasteful, environmentally destructive product that should not exist, and everybody should use bar soap instead. CMV!
I think all public schools should have a uniform dress code. CMV
I really, really dislike Banksy. CMV?
"TRUST WOMEN." All things considered I believe this is all we need with respect to reproductive politics. CMV.
I think females are bisexual because its easy and socially accepted. Please CMV
I am an atheist, and I think religion presents a threat to civilization. CMV.
I believe everyone should have the right to do 100% of what they want to do, no matter how crazy. CMV!
I don't understand what people find wrong with bestiality. CMV.
If someone in a relationship has a celebrity crush, I don't view it as harmless. CMV?
I'm going to be a special education teacher and I don't have a problem with the word "retard" used as a common place word.
[TCMV] /u/daystareld convinces me that accepting scientific findings, even though you can't independently confirm their validity, is categorically different than "faith."
I believe must police precinct value Job security and profit over actually trying to prevent crime-CMV
[MOD POST] Revised (Again) Sidebar, Deltas (∆s), and Challenging a User's Intentions
[TCMV] This experience caused me to become much more optimistic about most things in general.
Here's what I would change about American gun regulations. CMV
I used to think vegetarians were over-reacting about the meat industry. TCMV.
I think of girls who are no longer virgin as undesirable. CMV
I think modern democracy is a failure of a government form. CMV
I think that no one should pirate music or movies. CMV.
I think the 2nd Amendment has been interpreted such that it would not be recognizable nor acceptable to our founders and should therefore be edited to reflect modern times. CMV
If you aren't in a medical field or perhaps teaching, college is a waste of money. CMV
I don't see why people oppose US drone attacks, please CMV
I think Israel is almost entirely to blame for the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. CMV.
I think that all mothers should be stay at home moms. CMV
When I see someone with a greedy appetite, I assume they have a greedy personality as a whole. CMV?
I think public funding of elections could solve many of our political problems. CMV.
I have an awful paranoia of anything mass produced or manufactured by a large corporation. CMV so I can buy things I need again.
I think that women are, overall, inferior to men. I would prefer to think differently.
I think factoring in a potential mate's race is evolutionarily justified. Please CMV!
I am a solipsist. CMV.
I used to think no sex worker would ever willingly choose to be a prostitute, stripper, pornstar, etc. TCMV (news article), and I now support the decriminalization of prostitution.
[MOD POST] New Sidebar, New Posting Category (TCMV), and New Rules &amp; Guidelines
I think unemployment will skyrocket in the next couple of decades
I feel like I've been brainwashed to believe that in order to "succeed" in life, I have to do well in school and go to university/college. CMV?
I believe there is no such thing as selflessness, please CMV.
I think European art prior to 1860 is pretty boring and dull. I greatly prefer to look at modern and contemporary art. CMV.
I think that in a perfect world we'd live in a communistic society CMV
I think waiting until marriage to have sex is detrimental to a relationship. CMV, reddit.
I don't see the point in empathy and was wondering if you could CMV
The only political ideology that makes any sense to me is Libertarian Socialism i.e. Anarchism. CMV
I'm worried that my religious upbringing will affect my view on same-sex relationships and marriage, please help me CMV. Thank you!
I feel that becoming successful as a musician is soon to be impossible, CMV?
I think all language is inherently metaphorical and ambiguous, and that there is no such thing as literal language that all reasonable language users will automatically interpret in the same way. CMV.
The town of Oxford Hills is a shithole, CMV please
I think the love of my life and I are doomed to break up due to religious differences. CMV?
I believe monogamy is false, please CMV!
I think single people should get the most tax breaks in America. CMV!
CMV I think humanity is selfish, stupid, and suicidal.
The UK needs voting reform
Personalized licensed plates should be outlawed.
When abiding by all rules in any competition or game, there's no such thing as "A cheap move."
As a grad student, I'll be rolling in the dough
Egg white (e.g. egg white omelette) only dishes are a complete waste and are not worth being included in one's diet
"At will employment" should be banned in Michigan.
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 05/08/15
It would not have been wrong for Mugabe to make white landowners surrender PART of their farms to the government for redistribution or for large scale agricultural projects (or other economic activity). He was only wrong for leaving them destitute.
I don't think honeymoons are a big deal anymore.
I do not think females should have the sole say in the life or death of a viable human embryo conceived through consensual sex.
Attacking white people with the claim of being privileged is, at its core, racist.
There is nothing fundamentally racist with "Cyclo De Mayo"
I actively avoid introducing friends to other friends as I feel it's detrimental to my social life.
Tests should not limit the ratio of people that pass/get a certain score
TDKR is a better movie than TDK
You should talk to the police
I believe its disingenuous to attempt to pass Genetic Engineering (creating of GMOs) as selective breeding.
Banks that are too big to fail shouldn't be broken.
Star Trek Voyager is the best Star Trek of the main TV shows
White privilege exists because whites were the first to own land and establish connections in this country. Therefore, I believe building networks with people outside your race is the only way to end white privilege.
[Mod Post] 1 week trial for setting default comment sorting to Q&amp;A
If it's proven that the universe is a hologram/computer simulation, I don't have an issue with death, or anything in general. Also, CMV that we're not living in a simulation.
Private car ownership in cities should be discouraged; instead, car share programs should be more commonplace.
It makes way more sense for a professional sports team to wear white on the road and their team color at home.
Being Mainstream is Normal.
Many white American girls do not "like" or generally respect Asian girls in the US.
We should forgive all federal student loan debt and make private student loans dischargeable in bankruptcy. All public US universities should also be made free.
A 100% charter school system is better than the current system in the U.S.
Fat, Active People are Healthier than Skinny, Sedentary People
We should just kill all the poor people.
The FDNY's new policy of passing firefighters who fail the physical test is wrong and harmful.
I believe that taxpaying individuals should have some form of control over where their taxes go.
The USA should not give foreign aid to countries when our country itself has social and economic issues.
Venezuela is not a socialist country but a communist country.
In fictional universes where paranormal dangers (ghosts, monsters, demons, etc) exist, it is irresponsible and counterproductive of those who know about those dangers not to inform the general public.
Joining WorldVentures is a good idea.
The failure of progress on women's issues in America is largely due to their own misguided activism.
Tom Brady should not get suspended any games, and he really didn't do anything wrong.
Google should autofill searches relating to sex and pornography
Les Miserables is Boring and I Will Gain Nothing From Watching It
Black people are violent.
Drawing of Muhammadﷺ Cartoons is Wrong
There is no convincing moral argument, that is not egotism or hedonism etc, that justifies killing and eating animals.
Having to be sober to give consent is bogus
Factory farming is immoral.
Fallout 4 will not become the next Half-Life 3
[Mod Post] We have new CSS!
Marcelo should have got a red card in the champions league semifinal
ETHICS: If it's so important, make it a law. If it wasn’t important enough to become a law, why should I care?
Walking on the flag does not mean you should leave the US
Human nature isn't as rigidly defined by (and suited to) capitalism, as many would have me believe.
With few exceptions college professors should not be allowed to weigh single assignments so heavily that passing it results in course failure.
Democracies should not prosecute ex-leaders for crimes in office.
During the discussion on the Baltimore riots came up, I would like to see the input from the wealthy in the US on the plight of the poor? (self.changemyview)
Of the two types of traditional chicken wings, the "flat" is superior to the "drum" [TT]
I Should Opt Out of my State's Smarter Balanced Testing
People who don't use bookmarks are missing out. [TT]
I am opposed to expanding nuclear power production, and would like to see the gradual decommissioning of existing facilities
There is nothing morally wrong with being a conscript who deserts
People who fund projects on sites such as Kickstarter are gambling, and are neither investors nor consumers.
Dictatorships are a better form of government for developing countries than democracies
The mutiny in Battlestar Galactica was justified.
The US Penny isn't pointless
Wearing mismatched socks is superior to wearing matched socks.
I should get some Jelly Babies when I'm in Sainsbury's later [TT]
I shouldn't buy novelty socks
I think the sport of underwater rugby will revolutionize teamsports adding one extra dimension to the gameplay and offering an intense and complex match with simple rules to follow.
[Mod Post] Theme Tuesday: Inconsequential Things
Universal healthcare coverage (particularly via Obamacare) isn't what's best for America.
To begin a career as an indie musician, one must be at least moderately wealthy.
Bernie Sanders has very little chance of getting the Democratic presidential nomincation
Racism is any thought, word or deed based on race.
My sister is getting a divorce and breaking up her family for selfish reasons.
Tesla's new home battery, the "Powerwall," will invigorate the market for sustainable energy technology and lead to a revolution in how energy is distributed.
I think renting a house/apartment isn't more expensive than buying
Putting money into my 1994 Volvo is more financially efficient than buying a new-used car.
Nobody, not even me, is really looking to get their view changed, but many are open to get their view changed.
Minecraft should not be the best selling PC game of all time
Some wines are fundamentally better than others and justify their high prices.
Silkk Da Shocker was a terrible rapper and was famous only because of nepotism
It is impossible to logically reconcile Marx's Labour Theory of Value with "social contract" theory. In defending both theories, the left puts itself in a position of inherent contradiction.
There's a stereotype that books are a more intellectual form of entertainment than other ones (specifically television) and I think that stereotype is bullshit
[Mod Post] Vote for the next Theme Tuesday
It would make more since from a liberal perspective to tax consumption and distribute progressively
/r/changemyview report: Sunday, April 26, 2015 - Saturday, May 02, 2015
You should not stop people carving into stone
The concept of heaven and hell and innocent children justifies abortion
The only objectively acceptable answer to the question "who was the best band/musician/musical act of the 20th century?" is The Beatles.
Transgendered individuals can never become wholly "male" or "female" due to the dialectic
Muhammad Cartoon Contests are Terrible Exercises of Freedom of Speech
Food companies shouldn't be blamed for the choices people make.
CMV Bullying is a necesary evil
Choose Satan because he won't judge you, but Jesus will
Floyd Mayweather should be banned from professional boxing
Princeton is a better school than Yale, especially for undergrads
Fat People Should Buy Two Seats
I believe that when Christians share debunked content on social media that they are bearing 'False Witness'
To post, or not to post one's struggles with mental illness on social media? I say not.
The American Dream is alive and well, there is no conspiracy where wealthy people try to keep poor people poor.
Everything I am and everything I believe in as a young adult is simply a phase.
I am an anarchist
Having children is morally wrong and we should work towards going extinct
It would be at least a little wrong for me to permanently leave my country of origin
Boxing died tonight.
Video Games are Art
Torture can work, even if it is clearly evil
The LGBT Community has become very judgmental and bigoted lately
Wearing pants doesn't need to be the cultural norm and is actually one of the worst options.
buying material things does not make you happy
Native English speakers should not have to learn another language
Women who want a "Gay Best Friend" are no better than homophobes
Counselors and psychologists should not be obligated to report to parents if their adolescent patients are contemplating suicide.
Anti-feminism is not pro-misogyny
No guy is a virgin by HIS choice.
Selfie sticks are a great thing
The increasing inclusion/acceptance of people who identify as an atypical* sexual identity is hurting the LGBTQ movement.
I think alcohol should not be sold at sporting events
Morality is relative not because societies have differing standards but because morality is not completely logical.
"Western civilization" doesn't exist, at least not in the sense of implying any shared commonality between the US, Europe, Canada, and Australia/New Zealand
The world is better off without Freddie Gray
I'm starting to believe 9/11 may have been at least partially propagated by the U.S. Government.
Because I'm transgender I don't see the point of living on and giving the wider bigoted society a chance to know me. Change my view.
There is nothing wrong about a guy removing their body hair
It's alright to have a dog in a college apartment
A Calendar of 13 months of 28 days each would be vastly superior to the Gregorian calendar.
We should be more concerned with helping out fellow humans who have *real* issues in their lives, rather than worrying about trivial things such as wage gaps and patriarchy.
sonicare is no better than brushing gently for two minutes with a regular toothbrush
God is not possible.
Porn should be illegal.
The Bible should not be considered as a source that condemns homosexuality in the modern day.
Relationship between action heroes and the women they save are ultimately doomed.
We Still Don't Understand Our Own Reality
I see no reason to get my male dog neutered.
Tactical voting is illogical in the upcoming British general election
We should be more concerned with helping out fellow humans who have *real* issues in their lives, rather than worrying about trivial things such as wage gaps and patriarchy.
Grooveshark was blatantly breaking the law and it's good that they got shut down
Arguments from apathy are intellectually dishonest and people who proclaim their lack of sympathy need to get over themselves.
The renegade option at the very end of ME1 was arguably just as moral a decision than the paragon option, or at least way more moral than the game portrays. (ME1 and 2 spoilers.)
I believe the only solution to an inevitable increase in automation, especially after the advent of a sufficiently advanced artificial general intelligence (AGI) is socialism
I have a sense that GMO business practices are harming smaller and poorer farmers
Child Labor in 3rd world countries is justifiable.
People cite sources too often in Reddit debates.
Every living person in the world is unhappy.
In accordance with the principle of causation in tort law, I do know think it can reasonably be argued that viewing child pornography (in the absence of re-distribution) causes harm to the victims in the images.
Rioting is wrong for many reasons.
If you don't want to have fictional stuff spoiled for you it should be your responsibility to isolate yourself from the discourse, not everyone else's to accommodate you.
The Slaughterhouse Cases were wrongly decided, and this has screwed up our understanding the 14th Amendment ever since.
Bernie is more than the best candidate for President, he is The best candidate we've seen in decades.
Democracy is a lie, elections are a joke.
Superman makes Batman pointless
The California drought will lead to a massive economic slum in at the very least America, and perhaps the world
Protection from unions is the main thing perpetuating police brutality/racism.
hooters is degrading to women =)
Facebook is not the appropriate platform for remembrance or mourning after someone has passed away
Spoilers don't have a expiration date although there may be circumstances in which one can reasonably expect that people don't care
The Imperials are really the law abiding citizens in STAR WARS compared to the Rebels who are simply terrorists fighting a religious war.
I don't see how the 14th Amendment requires states to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples
The button will stop tomorrow.
"leaders" of the black community like Jesse Jackson and al Sharpton are failing not only the black community but society as a whole and no one should ever listen to them.
Terms like "Rape Culture" and "White Privilege" are completely valid, and generally unhelpful
Minority Groups Are Justified in Believing That African Americans Should Just Work Harder
People who thinks homosexuality is not 'natural', whether they support it or don't, are illiterate
Reading novels is nothing different from gaming.
My choice for not believing in God is equivalent to my SO's commitment to do so.
[Mod Post] A call for help to fix and finish our DeltaBot.
As a foreigner, I believe UKIP has some good points and it would not be the end of the world should they win.
Mitigating climate change goes against human nature
I believe that the use of drones should be made illegal due to the chance of innocents dying in their attacks.
Obscenity Laws Are A Violation Of The First Amendment, And Fail To Serve Their Intended Purpose
A same-sex marriage ban should qualify as sex discrimination
Starting out arguments about polygamy with "if you support gay marriage..." is just lazy.
Marijuana Should be Legalized
Public nudity should be completely legal, provided that people are required to place a cushion or towel between themselves and any public seating areas.
I do not think an adult sexting with teenagers is inherently wrong or harmful.
Democrats/those of the left should not support the PPACA, or 'ObamaCare', since it is not really addressing universal coverage.
"Intelligent Design" is a terrible name for the concept it's supposed to be describing
The Federal Reserve doesn't just print money, it steals value from everyone collectively.
If a girl suddenly stops responding to your texts, you should NOT try to restart the conversation.
I believe that the values and morals that exist in children's stories, TV shows and other child-targeted media are overlooked and only obvious to a more critical audience, the adults who write to communicate these messages.
I Believe crimes committed against people of different ages should have different consequences.
While I respect everyone's personal opinion I think voting in a socially conservative manner on many issues is akin to infringing other people's rights.
You are not morally obligated to help those in need
Euthanasia should be an option for terminally ill patients.
Trial by Jury - is it the best way to achieve Justice?
The word "thug" is not racist and is not comparable to the N-Word
The rioting in Baltimore is inexcusable, but shouldn't be glazed over as 'just rioting' - there's a social message to be derived here.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran should not have died this morning.
I see nothing wrong with using selfie sticks as long they don't physically get in the way of anyone.
I'm Commander Shepard, and this is my favorite store on the citadel
I Should Stop Identifying as a Liberal
I'm Jules Winnfield, and I feel directly responsible for Vincent's fate. Mother fuckers. (Pulp Fiction Spoilers)
There's no good argument for gay marriage that doesn't also include polyamourous marriage.
I am Marcus Porcius Cato, and I think Gaius Julius Caesar's proconsulship should NOT be prorogued.
Genetically Modified Foods Provide a Net Benefit
As soon as we discover effective life extension technology, it is in the best interest of the majority it implement severe procreation restrictions -- perhaps more severe than the 1 child policy.
Just as we should hold police to a higher standards, we should hold communities to a higher standard.
the ending of Wall-e was tragic [spoilers]
One way to encourage integrity in the media would be to incentivize responsible journalism
There is absolute universal truth
The Star Wars EU is nothing more than well written, glorified fan fiction.
I have no sympathy for addicts.
Israel must sign the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and register it's nuclear stockpile to the international community.
Identifying as Feminist is outdated and should be replaced with Humanist so we can all get on board the same train.
"White Privilege" and other social justice concepts aren't going to convince people who aren't already on board with the left. At worst, it will polarize the issue and inspire resentment.
The Armenian Apostle Church should not have canonized the 1.5 million victims of the Armenian Genocide.
If websites want me to turn off adblock then they need to do something to convince me I should.
I have no sympathy for African-American's who complain about institutional racism, but don't vote.
I don't believe the pay gap is due to a gender difference.
Poetry is the most useless form of writing.
The Baltimore PD Had It Coming
Police Officers Acting in Their Official Capacity Should Not Be Allowed to Invoke the Fifth Amendment
Forcing a child to get a piercing is child abuse and should be illegal.
MLB Umpires behind the plate should only be responsible for deciding if a player swung the bat or not, not if it was a strike or a ball.
The violence seen in the Ferguson and Baltimore riots as a response to Police misconduct is an over-reaction and not an appropriate expression of discontent.
I shouldn't visit my extended family in India because they are oppressive, sexist, and anti-American.
I feel that the general cultural attitude that permeates society is not an ideal one
Screen resolutions in pixel density should be the fundamental description instead of 1-dimensional pixel counts (240p, 720p, 1080p, 4K,...)
If you can learn alone, going to class in college is a waste of time.
Why should we care about preventing disasters that won't happen in our lifetime or the lifetimes of our children/grandchildren
Scientology is no more absurd than religions like Christianity and Islam
The existence of state-sanctioned royalty and royal families has no place in the modern world, and all monarchies--even symbolic ones--should be abolished.
The Pope driving around in fireproof glass is an admission of lack of faith
Canadian broadcast stations should not be forced to play 30% Canadian content
We should phase out the Social Security System in the United States.
The existence of government structures are inherently flawed and do not serve the needs of people and are destructive by nature.
Meghan Trainor's song, Dear Future Husband, is feminist and is not sexist.
Businesses that don't accept credit cards are losing money by doing so.
Drivers should be able to issue tickets (sorta)
No is obligated to be attracted to anyone, and people should not be chastised for their preferences.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, April 18, 2015 - Friday, April 24, 2015
I believe there's nothing morally wrong with detracting human self consciousness and putting them to work as slaves.
Emma Sulkowicz's mattress protest was a defamatory, personal vendetta that falsely accused a man of rape.
I think being asocial and a shut-in is a better choice than being pitied or looked down on, or simply being out there being "less" than the optimum. "Better to reign in Hell, than serve in Heaven"
Art should not be treated as an academic discipline
Capitalism is a system that penalizes doing things for goodwill and is detrimental to society.
The primary focus of the LGBT community is providing venues for white males to find sexual/romantic partners and not fighting for equality
Your Teenagers will grow up to be more wholesome, worldly, safe and well-rounded emotional person if they do not try recreational drugs
The best video game of all time has already been made.
The Second Amendment was not designed with the intent of giving credibility to a popular insurrection.
Human-caused climate change is not bad for life on Earth as whole or humanity itself, and is something to be watched and not radically acted upon for now.
Universities should not be able to take 50% of scientific grant money, just to funnel it into slush funds for the rest of the university. It should be required to stay in the department.
The inability to control ones own emotional response to situations is the biggest flaw a person can have
When people intentionally engage in risky activities outside of work, like climbing Mount Everest, it shouldn't be considered a tragedy if they are killed in the process.
I think that unnecessary operations on children's genitals are completely unethical
European Countries Should Not Take In Asylum Seekers, Period
It makes sense for the US to allow guns, and for the UK to ban guns. It's silly to compare the two.
The measure steam imposed that modders are now able to charge people for downloading their mods. I think this is ok.
People who say "we don't need any more damn children" are in the wrong.
I feel like, with the eventual heat death of the universe, what we do doesn't really matter.
Polygamy is not morally wrong, and can be easily implemented legally through a "graph" model.
For-Profit Prisons in the United States should be banned.
Infinity is a logical impossibility
This Skyrim Mod ordeal is ridiculous and everyone is greedy and selfish.
I believe this is the last century with humans civilisation on earth if we continue our "progress"
I believe political correctness has gone too far.
I believe that it's possible Facebook may never fail
Big banks are still too big to fail. If there was another financial crisis, the government would once again bail out the big banks.
I believe we'll be able to send robots to another star by the end of my lifetime (say, 2075)
Get hit can sometimes be a positive thing, even for a woman.
CMV I don't see why it matters if there are just two genders on an application.
Openly bigoted subreddits should be shut down and openly racist Reddit users should be banned
Game developers have no legal IP claim to 'mods'
we are better of because nuclear weapons exist.
The incorporation of business principles, especially the pursuit of monetary profit, in non-business settings isn't leading society towards any good.
Defining racism/sexism/anything like that as "power plus prejudice" is incorrect.
"Anyone should be able to do anything they want (so long as it doesn't hurt other people) without being judged" is a nonsense proposition.
I don't think that allowing mod creators to charge for their creations on Steam is a bad thing.
Vaccination should be required by law
I believe human genetic modification is not only ethical, but it will eventually be unethical to not do so.
The trademark system is largely useless, and any merit it has would be better served by other regulations
Bakeries Should Not Have to Pay $100k+ in "Emotional Damages" for Refusing Service to Gays
Dance is the most useless art form.
on Vegetarianism. I believe we shouldn't eat meat because we shouldn't end conscious life (life that is aware of itself and others).
Microsoft overpaid for Mojang
I believe that monetary compensation for damage to one's car should be used towards repairs.
If you're dating someone (who is respectful) and don't feel any chemistry with them, it should be customary to let them know you're not interested - instead of fading away.
Wilt Chamberlain was a better player than Bill Russell
Strict abortion laws are an absolute failure at achieving pro-life/anti-abortion goals.
'To Catch A Predator' is not morally wrong. There should be more shows like it.
It should be illegal for a landlord to run a credit check against a tenant applicant
In contemporary American society, it is not at all weird to walk down the street while eating a sandwich or similar food item
Patents should be abolished, and secrecy should take its place
Putin in Ukraine has acted exactly as any world leader would in his scenario; we're merely against him because he's Russian.
McDonald's sales are declining because they keep trying to pass themselves off as healthy and the vast majority of people know they're full of shit.
I believe in the US secession should be legal. CMV!
Smoking Restaurants and Bars should be reestablished as legal businesses.
I believe that Valve's decision to introduce monetized mods is the birth of a new level of the gaming industry.
I believe the West supports the Armenian Genocide because they stand to lose nothing. Greece claims for the WW2 atrocities are on the same level, but nobody supports their claims.
public humiliation is an effective for of punishment
I think Basic Income is a bad idea
Pedophila is not a crime unless physically acted upon
Armenian Genocide issue?
Reverse Racism and Misandry Don't Exist
A society which destroys itself didn't deserve to survive
Police body cams won't help anything
I believe that restaurant staff being tipped outrageous sums of money is basically charity and should be avoided.
There is nothing wrong with paid Workshop Mods on Steam.
One-day contracts for retiring professional athletes are meaningless and stupid.
Cultural appropriation is not bad
Atheists risking their lives are inherently less selfish than religious people.
Having the age of consent be anything less than eighteen years old is disgusting
[Mod Post] Introducing Theme Tuesdays
As an environmental engineer, I give up! PLEASE CMV!
Investing substantially in space programs is not important right now because there are issues that are much more immediately pressing.
I, for one, welcome our future AI overlords.
SMITE is a much better MOBA than League of Legends and DOTA 2.
Changing Global Diets is Vital to Reducing Climate Change
Universal suffrage necessarily entails socialism.
Banning whole demographics from blood donation is partially responsible for blood shortages
In the United States, the minimum age to run for Presidential office should be lowered to age 25.
Second-wave Feminism has improved women's lives
If your people went through genocide a hundred years ago, you have no right to be personally butthurt about it.
High school and college class essays should not have minimum word count limits
Smoking marijuana isn't as idiotic as it's put out to be.
Girls with pretty faces are more likely to have smaller boobs than less pretty girls. This is due to evolutionary pressure and sexual selection.
It's appropriate to informally and unironically refer to my countrypeople attacking foreigners as Nazis
People who work in slaughterhouses are psychopaths.
I believe that the Star Wars saga should be watched in story order.
Fat Feminism is a warped denial of medical studies
Money spent on the arts community is morally and financially irresponsible.
People should't listen to music when they work out.
Those accused of rape should be suspended immediately where possible.
We should be taught there are 6 continents instead of 7.
Police Departments Harbor Murderers, Psychopaths, and Serial Killers
Saudi Arabia should be removed from the United Nations and stripped of all advantages that come with being part of the UN, due to their sexist governmental policies, harsh laws, and blatant human rights abuses
Requiring that jurors are willing to impose a death sentence creates an inappropriate selection bias on juries
Abortion is a Problem of Philosophical Dualism
Cops should be allowed to confiscate phones at ongoing crime scenes
Both homosexuality and polyamory should be legalized and accepted by society
"Superman vs. Batman " is going to be a unsuspensful, boring movie. Once a fight begins, Superman will kill Batman with one punch! CMV
4Chan users and other internet communities should be proud of the appropriations of their creations.
Traditional sports "analysis" adds little to the rigorous discussion of baseball and sabermetrics should be more widely embraced by the community
Tsarnaev Should Not Be Put Down
Online Forums are a terrible technical support system but seem all too common
I look down on people who are tech illiterate and refuse to learn
Student Loans need to be re-structured, so that they can be discharged, but more selective.
I think a small child--probably 4--shouldn't be alone inches from a roadway even if at the end of their own driveway.
Humanity will never make interstellar travel.
Students like the ones in this video are not serving their cause positively.
The display price in stores should never be lower than the price at the register.
I don't need to sort my laundry the "usual" way (whites, lights, darks) since cold wash detergents get the job done.
Plea bargaining is evil, and should be made illegal in the US.
A Mexican Border Fence Would Be an Ineffective Deterrent, and a Colossal Waste of Taxpayer Money and Resources
I think that new emotion changing tech is morally wrong.
Libertarians are closer to Tea Party Republicans than any other common political group
Teaching cursive in school is unnecessary.
I do not think that a government should censor the publishing of documentaries, even if they are political.
I don't want to vote in the upcoming UK General Election
Having sex in the park should be legal based on the same reasoning for legalizing marijuana use.
ISIS and other highly-reported terrorist groups do not pose a real threat to the United States, and they serve only as an excuse for war crimes perpetrated by the US government
there is no benefit to engaging a white supremacist in an online debate
The Day of Silence does nothing to further the LGBT* movement
The Categorical Imperative, while flawed, is the best normative ethical theory so far articulated.
I don't think I should have to tip
If SJWs want to make traction on reddit, they are going to have to change their rhetorical style
Even if Certain Races Were "Inferior", That Wouldn't Justify Discrimination
The 1-10 rating is flawed. We should use 1-5 with .5's
Dashcams should be required on cars. Truth shall set you free.. from insurance scams and indefensible premiums alike. We need better factors than traditional ones such as speed/age/gender.
Christians cannot logically be against abortion.
There is no obligation to continue the human race.
Developers of games that require their servers to play should be (morally) obligated to compensate players when they eventually shut down servers
I'm going to live over 120 years (barring an accident)
Social programs are no substitute for a good financial education and throwing money at people who cannot handle money is a waste.
I believe that there is nothing objectively called 'good music' and all 'good music' is just music you like.
Lying to people about medical facts is not a good strategy in the fight against abortion
Photography is not an art.
wealth/income inequality is not inherently bad
Humans are wholly destructive and our advancements in technology and humanity amount to little more than arrogance and narcissism
The Pro and Anti Vax debate is overly passionate and divisive. The dismissiveness of Pro-Vaxxers is encouraging the Anti-Vaxxers' conspiratorial beliefs, and they would be better addressed with point-by-point arguments rather than being called idiots and murderers...even if they are
Listening to an album in its entirety in one sitting does not make the experience better.
Lightsabre duels will almost always end with both parties dead (assuming equal skill)
Living forever is preferable to dying at a normal age.
If the Christian God does exist, he should not be worshiped.
In 150 years people will have the same attitude toward eating animals as we do today toward keeping slaves.
Kanye West is overrated and mediocre.
Citizens United is the Latest in a Long String of Methods to Maintain America's Two-tier Society
cmv abortion is wrong because the moment a fetus "becomes" a "person" isn't ascertainable and prevention of his/er/its later life is akin to murder.
Gun rights are actually a liberal concept
People who intend to climb Mt. Everest should go get Private Pilot's licenses instead
Secret negotiations aren't a bad thing.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, April 11, 2015 - Friday, April 17, 2015
The #GamerGate movement was doomed to infamy from the start because of its focus on Zoe Quinn.
Unless you have an outdoor hobby/job, driving a giant pick-up truck in the city is wasteful and inconsiderate.
I was raised agnostic. Sometimes I wish I was Christian, and have attended church but I cannot find it in myself to believe. Appeal to my logical side and CMV.
Tourists should take some form of driving test before being allowed to drive in other countries.
Pro-Gun, Anti-Drug, Pro-Alcohol Conservatives Are Hypocrites
Loud sneezers only do it for attention
The famous Trolley problem and the related Transplant problem are morally equivalent, in their purest forms.
reddit is fertile ground for white supremacist recruitment
Affirmative action would work best if directed at those in low socioeconomic standing, as opposed to those of minority race status.
Happiness isn't something that should be expected. Life is just full of suffering and ultimately pointless.
The schedule of U.S. states holding their presidential primaries should be randomized every election cycle. This way, candidates who appeal to different parts and geographies of the party can have a chance of building momentum.
It is safe for the state of California to assume that current drought will be long term.
The FCC should reallocate more spectrum from broadcast television for mobile data usage.
The souls video game franchise aren't "hard"
The United States should cut benefits to its Social Security Disability program
to 96% /r/atheism consists of trolls, of divinities students and pissed off midwestern baptists being sarcastic
Electronic Cigarettes shouldn't be banned from use inside most public buildings
violence in videogames doesn't translate to violence IRL
Alex Rodriguez, Yankees player caught using PED's doesn't deserve forgiveness and current respect
Genocide has only rarely been committed and has not been committed against Armenians or Jews
Organized Religion (the Catholic Church, Islamic Sharia law, Judaism)are responsible for ingraining patriarchal gender roles, systemic misogny and are Red Pill type organizations
Governments ought to abide by John Rawls' principles of justice as laid out in A Theory of Justice to the best of their abilities.
I hate anecdote in cultural discussion. I get irritated when, in a debate of some social issue, people chime in with their own stories and experiences. STFU about yourself and let's discuss the ISSUE objectively.
The Marvel movies are far, far better than the DC ones both past, present and future.
When you receive reddit gold, you should not edit your post to say "thank you"
It is unreasonable for my employer to expect two weeks notice when I quit while they can let me go at any time.
Attraction is a "crap-shoot"
It doesn't matter whether Han shot first
Unbanked and underbanked households are generally acting rationally.
Britt McHenry does not deserved to be fired.
The United States is a long-term, large-scale experiment and as such cannot be compared to other nations.
Asian-Americans don't seem to fit into the "privilege/oppression"-based model of discussing race in America.
We Should Burn Every Thesaurus
At offices with a dress code, Casual Monday is better than Casual Friday if you can only choose one.
4K TVs are worthless for most consumers
AMD CPUs and GPUs are less practical and more prone to failure than their Intel/Nvidia counterparts.
Jordan is overrated - Artis Gilmore is the greatest basketball player of all time.
Swapping postal workers to cops would mend many problems with the current police profession
History sucks, the world sucks. This is how it should be
Performing under the direction of another with little input (ie playing the viola under a conductor) is neither creative nor expressive
I don't understand the popularity of pretty pictures, especially over words. I find there's a lot less to engage with, but I would love to CMV.
APPLE products are objectively inferior to competitors in many ways
Gender should not exist
College education should not be free.
Making an event to specifically showcase the "women of" a field does not help with gender equality issues.
Unless you tell me its a secret, or indicate it is (verbal/non verbal) I am happy to share stories with others.
I don't think I should say something unless I feel its really worth saying
We need to make human farms
E-Voting from home is a great idea.
Tipping well-paid professionals is ridiculous
Telling people about the creepy PM you got or sexual explicit pic you recieved are subtle brags about getting sexual attention
I think every citizen of the world should have their DNA sequenced and in an international database to find criminals, especially rapists.
I'm okay with DLC.
India (and a few other Asian countries) has the best banking in the world
The category of "US National" (as opposed to citizenship) is outdated, useless, and all nationals should be granded citizenship
NP (No Participation) Is a Flawed Concept
The Wire would have had such a better ending if Stringer Bell and Marlo Stanfield would have swapped "endings." (Massive THE WIRE spoilers)
I think Adblock is just as bad as pirating.
Legalizing prostitution equalizes the dating for men
Bums who are on the side of the street begging for money are in that position because they choose to be. They could turn their life around if they wanted to, giving them money only promotes their laziness.
The last episode of Breaking Bad was pretty lame.
Economics, and particularly the economic arguments for global trade, is pseudoscientific bullshit that only works under controlled circumstances
Many buildings that are considered masterpieces are only valued because of their age and would be considered garish eyesores if built today.
Every man who knew Hitler intentions, and still helped him, is literally as bad as Hitler.
The term "9/11" is improper and scornful
I am not convinced that the concept of ableism is an inherently incorrect.
Politicians should be unable to change their (public) views while in office.
ISDS hysteria is to the left what satirical transformation denialism is to the right. CMV
Corporate whore is not a sexist term.
Subreddits devoted to certain types of photography should not have 'Porn' on the end of their name.
"Free-range parenting" should not only be acceptable and not looked down upon by police and passer-by’s, but in most areas it shouldn't even be labeled, with parents who don't let their kids out of sight being “helicopter parents” or something similar.
Nobody wins with the "Fight for 15" concept.
I believe any potential human cloning is unethical
I am a proponent of the dreaded "PC" culture, and believe microaggressions are a legitimate concern.
Objective morality does not exist without first believing in a god or exalting a human ideal and attempts to apply a system of objective morality on another is forcing your beliefs on them.
Speed Limits should be raised but more strictly endorced
If a political party wanted to tear America apart, weaken its position in the world, reduce our capacity to influence events, and encourage our adversaries, it would look exactly like what the Republican Party has done under Democratic presidents.
I believe everyone should drive at or under the speed limit.
Google Chrome is better than Mozilla Firefox
it should be way harder to get, and keep, your driver's licence
Meghan Trainor's "skinny shaming" is blown way out of proportion
Help me be pro-choice
It is disingenuous to blame young people for not voting when Election Day isn't even a Federal holiday
I think the concept of retirement is outdated and pointless.
Money is EVERYTHING, more important than anything else, like love.
I believe that the spouse who cooked the meal should also do the dishes/washing up.
I should abandon my dog.
Businesses should not be allowed to have signs out on the sidewalk
Whistle Blowers, especially on FB, annoy me.
Lowering application standards for women in computer is bad for both genders
Bank Account Numbers Should be Portable, Much Like Cell Phone Numbers Are
The recent cheating scandal involving teachers Atlanta is not the fault the convicted teachers but instead of high standards placed by standardized testing and thus the teachers should not be convicted
The 1% are not the problem, it's the 0.1% or uber wealthy
I believe the war on racism is as futile as the war on drugs.
Two-party political systems are restrictive and toxic
I don't see anything wrong with supporting "cash-grab" strategies by smaller game studios.
Any definition of "basic needs" is either arbitrary or impossible to ensure for all residents of a country.
I can't take feminist activists in the west seriously...
Individual rights are more important then safety
An indicator of whether I should cut all ties with my [separated] parents is if my life would be better with them dead rather than alive.
Homosexual relationships inherently offer more freedom to their participants than heterosexual relationships, due to the lack of presumed gender roles.
The far majority of emotions we attribute to animals to feel bad for them are irrationally projected onto them.
The Current California Drought is Largely the Fault of Environmentalists
Distracted driving laws have gone too far.
I think intersectional feminism is undermining women
It's better to let people who are unlikely to be convinced by scientific evidence believe in homeopathy or natural cures because their beliefs will make the placebo effect stronger without the more harmful side effects of drugs or needless antibiotics.
[Mod Post] /r/changemyview feedback
a divorced mother in Illinois can't move out of state because father has visitation rights. I disagree because she has full custody, and should have just left.
It's more humane to raise animals in (properly designed) artificial habitats than in the wild.
The US needs to enact Campaign Finance Reform and the "Voucher System" is the best and most viable method to do so.
Texans are often unfairly stereotyped in a way that is frequently inaccurate.
Overall the PC provides a superior 'Next Gen' experience.
Zoos and other facilities that display animals to the public should never purposely try to reduce the odors of the animal enclosures.
If you are driving and hit a pedestrian with bystanders looking on, for your own safety, you should not be required to stop.
I won't hire someone with a misspelling on his resume
familial inheritance should be replaced with societal inheritance
Settlements from lawsuits against police departments should be paid at least partially out of police pension funds.
I should not fly on airplanes.
In self-defense, excessive force is subjective, thus the only way to ensure justice for the defender is to allow any force at all.
I do not believe authoritarian states are inherently bad
There is no need for higher resolution phone displays anymore!
Now that "retard" is officially no longer used to refer to the mentally handicapped it is okay to use as a sort of slang or casual insult.
Game of Thrones is just boobs, blood, and a lot of sex
Race does not 'bind' people and expecting us to 'stick together' because of our shared race is retrogressive.
Candidates should always be interviewed by a person in their position instead of an HR representative whenever possible
Downloading an MP3 of a song released on YouTube shouldn't be immoral/illegal
Long-sleeved men's shirts are generally superior to short-sleeved men's shirts
I believe that I don't want a mainstream lifestyle
Lotteries should not be allowed to advertise an annuity prize as the sum of its payments.
Asexuality shouldn't be considered a sexual orientation.
I feel that religions that believe in a god of some sort are not ground for debate in any way and that anti theists of any sort should not spend time debating them.
Just as tablets have killed the netbook, I believe ultrabooks will kill the tablet.
the $29/week budget on food stamps is adequate amount of money to feed yourself nutritiously.
Hillary is going to have a hard time generating support among minority males.
When debating drug prohibition laws, I don't think harm reduction should be valued higher than personal freedom
The world trade centers collapse during 9/11 involved the usage of explosives
Holding F2P Games To A Similar Standard As Valve's Model Is Unfair And Unreasonable
If you "smurf"/derank on Counter Strike: Global Offensive, you are a selfish, inconsiderate ass.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, April 04, 2015 - Friday, April 10, 2015
I think Boxers AND Briefs are the best male underwear
I believe suicide is ok as long as you're not taking anyone out with you
Making Darth Vader scream at the end of ROTJ (when he throws the emperor into the reactor) was a horrible decision and completely ruined the moment.
There should be a large tax on donations to educational establishments achieving above average to go to establishments below average
Communism can work. If it were not for Stalin and Liberal Reforms, the USSR would be successful
I feel guilty playing RPGs on "Casual" mode
Want a world with more trees? Use more paper. Want to keep endangered animals from going extinct? Turn them into food.
When people say: “I can’t believe that it’s 2015 and we still…” to try and win a moral argument, they are not making a substantive or valid point. In fact, usually all they are doing is trying to shame the opposing side by making them appear morally regressive and backward.
The media has been hyping Hillary Clinton because that will sell papers.
Overall, Android is the superior phone platform, and phones and tablets running Android tend to perform better compared to Phones and Tablets with similar price points on other OS'.
Technology addiction is widespread and greatly reducing the happiness of Americans
Property Taxes are Inherently Unjust and Should be Abolished
Crimea's secession was among the more legitimate of secessions in history
English Lit does not meet the standards of a 'core' subject
I believe that American citizens should demand that banks allow members to transfer money electronically, for free, to any other persons account within the United States. Many countries have already done this and we have no need for a company like PayPal or Google Wallet to leech off us.
It is incredibly rude to book public sleeping areas if you snore
The political dichotomy of "left vs. right" has broken down over the past 5 years, at least in the US, Canada, and Europe.
Phrases like "very unique" and "very pregnant" are not wrong as they reflect concepts that proper English cannot easily describe
we have a moral imperative to stop breeding and killing chickens for food.
I believe US Capital Gains tax policy should be changed to raise rates on supranormal investment returns.
I believe the merits of constructing the Thirty-Meter Telescope on Mauna Kea outweigh the importance of protecting it as a sacred site.
I don't think acting's hard. Just hear me out...
Christian Bale was not wrong for yelling at that crew member.
American Sports are overpriced and Americans should abandon them for a better model.
Artificially Intelligent computers have the right to consent, if humans do
It is always a good idea to follow any command a police officer gives you
The "If you can't pronounce it then don't eat it" or the "if you don't recognize it neither will your body" rules for ingredients in processed foods are ignorant and should be ignored.
Lojban is inferior to natural languages, and should only be learned as a linguistic experiment
I don't think the Galaxy S6 is all that better than the Galaxy S5
There is no need for a top age bracket on a Lego box.
It's not wrong to point out the biases of a source.
Fiction that portrays vampires as burdened is off-base. For the most part, being a vampire would be awesome.
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 04/10/15
Democracy is a suboptimal system of government.
I think War or Chinese Hegemony is pretty much guaranteed in the South China Sea.
The only diversity that matters is diversity of thought. All other forms of diversity are superficial bullsh*t.
If sexually-active youth are more likely than those that aren’t to report problems with substance abuse [1],depression [2], and lower educational attainment [3], does that mean pushing abstinence as a sacrament *actually* is a benefit of religion to humanity? Why not?
The arguments against nondiscrimination bills for the LGBT community in the US right now are functionally identical to the arguments against nondiscrimination bills for racial minorities in the past.
I think the US should expand its idea of Statehood to eventually be able to incorporate foreign territory/countries if those nations are willing to become part of the US, it should be a long difficult process but in the end should be possible. Cuba I believe would be a good candidate.
I am becoming a very very misogynistic...help
The Social Security Trust Fund is an Accounting Fiction.
with exception, Indians in america are, as a group, viewed as unattractive. This is partly due to their portrayal in media.
"SJW" is the new "white knight."
Iran getting an atomic bomb would help stabilize the Middle East
Men who father children through rape should not have any custody rights
I don't believe chicken cannibalism is immoral.
I believe that if you believe in an omniscient God, the idea of predestination is the only logical conclusion. (x-post from /r/debatereligion)
CMV, There should be Binding Consent for Organ Donation.
The human race has absolutely no importance whatsoever in the universe. This is a fact so depressing that billions of people around the world follow a religion in an attempt to escape it.
The Iran Nuclear Deal is Good and is the Best Way to Prevent Iran From Obtaining the Bomb
I think I should not have any more philosophical debate with my YEC mother.
The use of hyperbole in politics ultimately undermines your own side and radicalizes groups you oppose
Range Voting is the best electoral system for single-winner elections.
I want to sell 5-10% of stocks in my retirement investment account and buy physical gold (or some other expensive physical commodity that I can keep in my home).
I believe that people involved in court cases should be completely anonymous
Use of the word "unsafe" in regards to how ideas or people or projects make others feel is in danger of becoming a source of parody or ridicule for an otherwise reasonable concern/request and should be foregone in lieu of some other term.
I believe Communism has spelled nothing but authoritarian disaster in practice, and anybody seriously endorsing it in the 21st Century should be ridiculed profusely
Protecting the environment should come second to industrial and technological progress.
I don't like the idea of juries deciding peoples' fates
If voter turnout falls under 49% elections should be suspended for one cycle
Childhood obesity is, universally, the result of terrible parenting. My coworker thinks I'm wrong, but is too inarticulate to counter my point. Can you?
Knights of the Old Republic 2 is better than the first one
It's arrogant not to believe in intelligent alien life.
We Should Not Have a Death Penalty, even for Monsters like Tsarnaev
As a high schooler with good grades, a job, good friends, and that's living a happy and safe life, I believe that my parents shouldn't put in an effort to prevent me from smoking weed.
Using a touchscreen interface for a vending machine is a bad design decision
Submitting a ballot for annual elections should be compulsory, and Election Day should be a federal holiday to facilitate this.
I think punishment is pretty useless
The European Union should unify its armed forces.
I dont think that shop owners in Indiana should be forced to accept gay customers
I agree with the "Surf and Turf Bill" that is on the front of /r/all
The Minimum Wage should either be abolished or replaced with Basic Income
[Mod Post] Sexless Saturday is over. Please provide feedback!
It is the victims responsibility to ensure they are not raped, just the same as stolen from, drugged, or murdered.
Entertainment is never "objectively good" or "objectively bad". For example, Queen's music is not objectively better than Nicki Minaj's.
Downvoting should be removed from Reddit
Duck Duck Gray Duck is a superior game to Duck Duck Goose
Expecting an average citizen to be knowledgeable about ANY ONE topic is unreasonable.
I believe that organ donation should be opt-out not opt in.
The human-caused extinction of an endangered species is no less natural than the biological/evolutionary processes that generated that species in the first place.
You owe taxes starting from your first moment of existence; they are a debt you are morally obliged to pay.
As a law abiding citizen, who doesn't have anything to hide, the government should be allowed to collect data on me.
In the recent years, talks of government surveillance has been increasing in the mainstream media, and thus, social media. This is only increasing the likelihood of a police state.
Friends, the TV show, kind of sucks. I think that the sole reason its popularity is its mediocrity.
I'm not going to vote at the next Canadian federal elections
South Park is a pro-life show.
Sportspersons cry that not enough facilities are provided for them and they are not taken very seriously is not valid
A woman being attracted to a man for his money is no different or worse than a man being attracted to a woman for her looks
Shark Finning is a cruel act and bad for the environment
Spiders are not scary
There's nothing wrong with using the pull-out method of birth control in a monogamous relationship.
I see a sort of double standard in people's expectations of media representation and I would like to know if I'm wrong and why.
"Colorblindness" is the best and only logical way to end racism in the United States
Reddit's policy allowing hate subreddits to remain in order to preserve free speech actually does the opposite in practice.
If studies were to show that the Death Penalty deterred more murders than it killed innocent people, it would be immoral to oppose it.
there is no rational reason to believe in the Christian (or any other religion's) God
Superman is too perfect and because of this his stories aren't compelling
The Death Penalty isn't a harsh enough penalty for many crimes
The Millenials (and their children) are FUCKED
All morality is derivable from economic considerations
Humans can potentially eradicate all pathogens or at least pathogen caused deaths
The Rolling Stone "rape article" controversy is not a commentary on the failures of feminism, but on the failures of media sensationalism.
the wailing and gnashing of teeth regarding colleges using the preponderance standard when adjudicating sexual assault incidences is wrongheaded.
Life-long prison sentences should be banned in favor of the death penalty or shorter sentences.
The outrage over Andrew Harrison's use of the n-word is a media lynching.
The use of a comma as a decimal marker and a period as a thousands marker is confusing and destroys clarity.
I believe the government can be both pro business and pro people with less labor laws and more safety nets
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev did what most people would have done in his position. Provable.
I believe that delivery driving using your own vehicle (e.g. Pizza) is under-paid.
Cheating is not a bad thing as long as there is absolutely no chance your partner could find out
Debates about whether abortion ought or ought not be banned are valid debates to have.
All the "codewords" for the various topics commonly discussed here and elsewhere completely destroy the possibility of dialogue and progress.
There is no valid reason for a woman to take her husband's name.
It's a good idea to get married for a tuition break
It is MY right to decide my fate, and that right should extend to suicide as well.
I'm not sure if I agree that Indiana is wrong on back-pedalling the gay anti-discrimination laws
By and large, a disturbing amount of conservatives today are backwards-thinking and bigoted.
Heterosexual and homosexual polygamy should be legal
Moving to the US feels like the wrong choice
It pains me to admit it, but I don't think Scalia was wrong in Smith v Oregon (AKA the cause of the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act)
I think marriage is a bad deal for people and I don't ever want to get married
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, March 28, 2015 - Friday, April 03, 2015
The Godfather is not one of the best movies of all time
It's morally inconsistent to oppose the casual use of the word 'retarded', but not other words for the developmentally disabled like 'idiot', 'imbecile', or 'moron'.
Libertarians can no longer honestly call themselves "social liberal" now that they came out in favor of the Indiana anti-gay discrimination laws.
Jews' political influence in the United States far outweighs their voting power.
Political "flip-flopping" on important issues between past and present campaigns is not only necessary, but admirable.
I am opposed to gay couples adopting children because of potential psychological issues it promotes
anyone still pushing the button before the 50 second mark is a cretin
Internet anonymity is not a right.
Most Christians today do not follow the religion of Jesus, but rather the religion of Saul of Tarsus
You should have the right to refuse service to someone based on your values if the service involves a custom order or requires you to be present at an event that makes you feel uncomfortable.
I do not have to be tolerant of intolerance.
Human life has no inherent value and shouldn't be defended as something that absolutely cannot be lost and must always be protected, even if it endangers public safety or people who actually contribute to society.
I vote Democrat in Federal elections and Republican in State and Local elections
Sexless Saturday - 04/04/15
I think psychedelics should be able to be administered responsibly to adult patients by trained therapists.
Violent Retribution is Morally Wrong
Overall, new Vegas is a better game than Fallout 3.
Carbs don't matter!
Pajama bottoms are perfectly acceptable in a public situation
I see no point in carrying cash if I can use a debit or credit card
Cycling on any road not exclusively set aside for cyclists is wrong, dangerous, and should be made illegal.
All crime is directly manufactured by the government
High school students should be required to take a law class that teaches laws, rights, and punishments.
Pessimism is no more "realistic" than optimism.
Every state should adopt the "Idaho stop"
George Carlin is just another loud mouthed guy with a political view
A 'points based immigration system' is a terrifyingly Orwellian concept.
Laws restricting the sale of alcohol, dancing, etc. on Easter have no place in a modern secular country
Modern horror films are simply more scary than 'classic' ones
Owning printed books is ridiculous.
Television are obsolete/very close to obsolete
Almost all the pain that patients feel when visiting a dentist is unnecessary, and is often the result of dentists not taking the time to make it painless.
American Gods is an overrated novel, and not very good.
a defendent should be compelled to testify at their own trial
Ultimately, no problems will arise from the Indiana Religious Freedom ruling.
In the United States "the principle of religious freedom" is a red herring. Both sides of the debate should be more honest discussing what follows their position on the actual classic liberal principles at stake.
Uber has done and will continue to do much more than Tesla in terms of reducing carbon footprint
The ban of Facebook and other Occident webs in Russia and China isn't bad.
Offensive humor is beautiful
Homeschooling should no longer be an option
Race is a coherent, reality-based, biologically-based concept. It is not a "meaningless social construct."
The F-35 is the modern day equivalent of the Maginot Line and should be Canceled.
People sentenced to death should be used in experiments with high risk of the subjects dying
It IS hard being a baby.
Nurses (and any medical professional) should not work shifts greater than 12 hours.
The European economic crisis is the hoax of the century. Most European economies are doing far better than the US where it counts.
I think literature (and Bible, but that's just my country) should not be taught in high-school. It's a useless subject for a large majority and a completely uninteresting subject for most kids.
sweat shop workers today can have worse lives than slaves have had in the past and in the present
Piracy Is No Worse Than Using Adblock(Both have exceptions)
The up/downvote mechanic of websites like reddit, imgur, and tumblr cause a mob mentality and a boxed-in, ignorant view of the world
Military desertion should not be a crime as it is an entirely normal human behavior and invokes on the right of freedom of speech and prosecution of such can often be observed as external coercion which goes against freedom of action.
Microsoft should cease making products for the web and concentrate solely on hardware, operating systems and native software.
Socialism are more moral than Capitalism and it isn't close.
yes means yes, always
Humanity produces geniuses and completely average people, in order to create the greatest geniuses, we should give people equal chances and rights at the beginning of their lives, but slowly retrieve them if they aren't brilliant enough.
Pinker's "The Better Angels of Our Nature" Is Probably Factually Correct In Its Claims About Violence, But It Ignores A Crucial Point About Value.
I should not recycle because of the NYC bottle tax.
The Daily Show has only itself to blame for the Trevor Noah "outrage"
Apple Mac OS X is confusing and unpractical
I shouldn't have to affect my quality of life to save somebody that I don't know by donating an organ.
Hatred is an inevitable part of being human, and should not be censored
Digital Paintings are useless as a medium for modern art and the avant garde
/r/AskHistorians April Fools' Day prank demonstrates the kind of wit /r/circlejerk SHOULD have
Science is the new church, and you're all following blindly.
April Fools jokes have become so predictable and obvious, they are just annoying now.
TwoXChromosomes is the worst subreddit of all for people actually wanting to participate in a subreddit because it positions itself as one thing but delivers another in a personally offensive way.
People who claim speeding isn't worth it are bad at math.
Wasting water is not a big deal if you live in an area with a lot of freshwater.
Whipping in the House of Commons is undemocratic and should be abolished
Web page tracking after a user has logged out should be illegal ?
African Americans also benefit from the legacy of slavery
No business will stay in business if it discriminates against gays, so the Indiana law won't have any effect.
It is not wrong for the Starcraft 2 community to be upset about it's "Sellout Problem"
Religion is one of the worst things that has happened to society.
I believe Radionics and Radiesthesia are nonsense, I don't want to take measures to protect me.
[Mod Post] 2015 Update to Moderation Standards and Guidelines.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict should be resolved through the creation of a single binational, secular, and democratic state for both Jews and Arabs.
Excessive use of over the counter medication (even at acceptable doses) for overall healthy youth is harmful
Freedom of speech considered an inalienable right. Societal and cultural context is essential.
A religion (at least, under US law if not more) is nothing more than the beliefs and practices of a single person.
Working at the same job for 10-20 years should not be frowned upon in the job market
There is an harmful tradition of "graphing by hand" in American math curricula.
The TIDAL music service does more harm than good and only helps the rich get richer.
CMV true meritocracy is seldom utilised and should be the corner stone of accademia
I don't think that one form of Marital Art/Marital Arts Weapons is better than another.
I hate ‘The Law of Attraction’ and what it has done to open minded folk.
A ChildFree and a NonChildFree couple will inevitedably come to an end otherwise will become an unsatisfying relationship
I see no reason for most people to upgrade to the latest models of cell phones.
Statutory rape cases should prove the younger party is victim beyond doubt
Debt collectors should not be able to offset or intercept tax returns
I should get PRK/Lasek Surgery
Poachers don't deserve to die
Banning someone should require a second mod from a different sub to avoid abuse of power
Republican politicians who do not believe in evolution are no more absurd or stupid than Democrat politicians who believe in God.
The government's response against mutants was not only justified, it was necessary.
I don't believe that artists owe anything to society other than self-expression.
Why should I respect other peoples beliefs?
Listing the weight of unpeeled potatoes in a recipe that calls for those potatoes to be peeled is ridiculous
High Schools need to start later
Reddit is no longer a bastion of free speech on the internet
That we are willing to pay sports persons millions of dollars is a sign that as a society we have got our priorities wrong.
If you are not comfortable having your daughter doing porn you should not watch it.
I believe that people who try to title themselves with some "other" gender simply want attention
It Should Be A Practice To Regularly Repost The Best Content From /r/pics To /r/pic In An Effort To Make That Sub The Default For High Quality Pictures.
Occupy 2.0: We need to make it personal if we ever want to overturn the socioeconomic differences
I'm a constitutionalist who believes that America is continuing on a dangerous path that will end up damaging the union
it is rude to say someone looks better now than they used to.
basketball is becoming less and less physical and it is a bad thing for these reasons.
racism is racial oppression + racial abuse, so in countries like USA and UK White people can't face racism.
I Think Fake Outrage Is Wrong Because It Overshadows Actual Injustice
'Too Many Cooks' wasn't just a parody of 80s sitcom intros but was also a giant middle finger to Hollywood/the creative industry as a whole.
Indiana's "religious freedom" law is beneficial in the national fight against homophobia.
Intellectual elitism is a good thing
Police should have separate prisons.
College essays are counter intuitive.
Piracy is a Worse Crime than Public Nudity
I believe the future is bleak because of climate change, and that the human race may become extinct in the next couple centuries.
The smaller nations that play in the World Cup and Euro championships should qualify seperately.
When people are overweight there should be much more pressure to change.
Business owners should have the right to refuse service whatever the reason.
My parents were extremely selfish in having me and I'm right to blame them for my misery.
People should pronounce .gif however they choose and allow others to do the same.
I think humans should reintrodce species we have removed wherever possible.
I am morally obligated to donate my kidney.
We should strengthen the traditional safety net rather than replace it with basic income
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, March 21, 2015 - Friday, March 27, 2015
Bill O'Reiley is worse than Nancy Grace but the reddit hivemind hates Grace more because she's a woman.
Members of the traditional professions should only be allowed to personally profit on the basis of effort/skill, not price alone.
In all-volunteer military, to kill in an unjust war is tantamount to murder.
The problem with US elections isn’t campaign financing, its education/culture.
I think the Drake equation is bullshit.
A Federally mandated minimum wage will never be successful in all locations.
Asking me to leave the toilet seat down for their convenience is no different than me asking someone to leave it up for my convenience.
I'm a left winger who can't support affirmative action
Online interactions, relationships and obligations aren't inherently inferior to "real life" ones.
Sexless Saturday - 03/28/15
Freedom of Religion is Not Necessary.
If women can enter men's bathrooms theirs are busy, then men should be able to do the same
A society that protects the weak from the strong must also protect the stupid from the smart.
A career in translation has better employment prospects than a career in mathematics
Does voting even matter anymore in the US, for presedential elections?
Andrew Jackson was a low class thug, a lousy president, and should be taken off the $20 bill.
No modern country has a society. Instead, it has a machine that has to be fuelled.
Baby formula should only be available with a prescription from an internationally-certified consultant.
Fast food joints should be completely automated
People who think it's wrong to hit animals/pets but have no problem hitting children are completely illogical.
Employers shouldn't pay for employees vacation time or sick days; if you're not at the jobsite working you shouldn't get paid
The Blair Witch Project isn't even remotely scary, and its current position as the gold standard of the American horror genre is a farce (Warning: Spoilers)
I believe that the whole concept of your twenties being a growth period and too early to settle down is counterproductive.
Guns are good in the US, and bad in the UK.
The human race has done such a poor job of maintaining its planet that it would be unethical for us to colonize other planets.
French food is overrated.
Although single-payer healthcare is ideal, it is not politically feasible in the U.S. Instead, American progressives should push for a German-style healthcare system
The Android smartphone market at the present time is objectively far superior to any current iteration of Apple devices.
Puerto Rico deserves to be a state more than many other existing US states
It makes no difference in the world if the average person believes in evolution or creation. In fact, it makes no difference at all which is true.
Abortion is wrong
Pamphlets are completely redundant in our modern world.
People should dress up a little more when flying.
Evolution cannot coexist with Christian theology.
Ted Cruz is not a serious candidate, he's just being used by republicans to make the actual candidate seem less extreme
Mathematics should not be required beyond high school
As a white male, I do not believe I cause the privileges that I have.
Smoking should banned in ALL public areas.
Morality is both futile in purpose (due to astrophysics) and irrational in origin (due to biochemistry), therefore. Details below.
I am a strong believer in eugenics.
Body weight exercises cannot compare with using weights for exercise effectiveness, efficiency, and improvement.
ebooks shouldn't cost more than 5dollars. Anything above just hinders education, culture and technological advance.
$foo is a numbers game is a very disingenuous thing to say.
Europe is on the way to total stagnation, and will disappear as we know it within the next century.
Temperance Brennan (from TVs Bones) is either a poorly written genius, or a well written moron.
Led Zeppelin songs are too long.
Celebrity AMAs are ruined by Victoria from Reddit
I feel like math, philosophy, first and second language and IT should be the only course taught to children until 4th grade.
If the USA had a system where representatives were "given" votes via the Internet, it would make far more sense than our current one and would make people feel like their choices really mattered.
The NCAA might be a raw deal, but players also need to take responsibility for their decision to get involved in the first place.
Hip Hop isnt just Ignorant/Violent/Misogynistic/etc.
Atheism Is Inherently Nihilistic
Assuming the allegations against him are true, the decision to fire Jeremy Clarkson was the right one
Its incredibly hard to identify as English
Title IX is unjust.
Transgendar and genderless people are sexist.
At this point there's no good reason to get a console over a PC
The NUS no longer represents students in the UK
I don't think the confederate flag should be on the Texas license plate because it is the flag of an enemy force.
Gay people should be allowed to give blood.
The USA is not a real democracy if the people of Guam, Puerto Rico and other island territories do not have the right to vote for their leader
I think remastered games on PS4/Xbox One are a good thing and I welcome more.
the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act, or CISA, is just another attempt to control the internet and put US citizen under surveillance (like SOPA and PIPA).
I really want to be able to call myself a feminist, but can't because identifying with the movement means accepting its troubling relationship with racial minorities, GSMs, etc.
Nobody truly deserves to be (very) rich.
Ted Cruz has 0 chance at winning the presidential election and very little chance to win the Republican Primary
It is reasonable to compare someone’s denial of the existence of white privilege to denial of anthropogenic climate change.
The electoral college should shift to a percentage-based system, not the winner take all system we have now.
Women seem to have a much stronger sense of gender identity then men do
Transgender is a mental illness and a society that supports transitioning is doing them a disservice
Sports for kids are taken way to seriously
It is impossible to prove or disprove that our universe is deterministic.
Low Military Spending is unwise
Most people use the word "humbled" to mean the opposite of what it actually means, and should stop immediately.
Unconditional support of Israel by the US government has caused significant harm to both parties.
Non-scientists have over-estimated our impact on global climate and under-estimated our ability to cope with minor changes in global temperature and sea levels
You are God, pretending that you're not.
Authoritarianism is necessary for a successful transition to market economy - Chile, in particular, would not have been a success without a period of tyrannical rule
Browsing Reddit all day is not productive
FEMA did nothing wrong by requiring states to create contingency plans
Washing dishes by hand is more efficient than using a dishwasher in our household.
I think the current culture for accepting gays/transgender/etc. is harmful to them, and everyone else.
The extension of quantity of life is absurd. After a certain age, the elderly should be euthanized.
There is nothing wrong with adults playing any video games.
I believe that there is no real use for including phrases such as 'in my opinion' in statements of belief.
There is no unselfish reason to have biological children
The government should require ALL cars (not juts police) on public roads to be equipped with dashcams
CMV I don't believe in God anymore, but I would like to....
Women who get upset over simple introduction messages on dating sites, such as a simple hello have an entitled attitude about how they see themselves in the world of dating, and have misguided expectations of the real dating world in our society.
GPA Shouldn't Be Used By Colleges To Determine Admission
There is nothing wrong with social media today, and those who don't use it, just don't get it.
Hank should have told Dale about his wife's affair with John Redcorn.
public teacher should not be allowed to wear any religious artifacts or clothes.
I believe family means nothing and is an overblown idea and Friends are more important.
Letting people die is not unjust
All college athletes should be paid at least minimum wage.
If you wouldn't tell your roommate "get out of that chair" when you want to sit where s/he's sitting, then you shouldn't push your cat off the chair you want to sit in either.
The use of the white actor Jane Krakowski to play a Lakota Native American part in the new Netflix sitcom "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" is acceptable and not racially insensitive.
Pirating/emulation of movies/video games/etc. is acceptable if and *only* if there is no way to legally obtain them from the original producer.
The Inevitable Result of an Apocalyptic Event is a Return to Barbaric Savagery
There is no need to be provident with oil with respect to the climate, as we'll burn up all of it at some point
Cosplay is for people who are socially inept and is a strong form of escapism.
I believe that the United States should implement a "Carbon Tax" (a tax on an industries carbon emissions.)
Bar / Nightclub culture would be more fun / safer for women if there were more gay men harassing straight men.
Well-behaved dogs should be allowed most places that children are.
There's nothing wrong with texting or phoning behind the wheel as long as the car is still
Human nature can be changed for the better, between us we can do anything, we must be the generation that changes the course of human history
Avatar the Last Airbender is not anime.
Implementing a gradually increasing carbon tax is the best way to reduce carbon emissions and stem the march of glabal climate change
Business owners should be free to choose who they hire based on any criteria.
Sports teams should give up when it is impossible to win, or at least stop taking timeouts and wasting everyone's time.
There is no difference between domesticated dogs/cats and animals domesticated for food.
I believe the Linux community's over-reliance on the command line, coupled with their attitude of teaching it to newbies, is what is preventing Linux from becoming a popular desktop OS.
I think that extreme feminism today has evolved into girl-shaming.
Popular educational Youtube channels like VSauce, SciShow and MinutePhysics cause more harm than good
Given the existence of an omnipotent creator, free will becomes impossible
All U.S. citizens ought to be entitled to a minimum guaranteed income, or some other similar, effective, form of "social safety net".
Voting should require a lincese
Full transparency is the only way to have a truly non-corrupt and efficient government
Excess is not a problem, and people who are rich should get to do whatever the hell they want
The world is a cold place and life is not worth living
You should never under any circumstance give out a 4 or 3 star rating on UBER.
Suicide is an act of weakness.
We should take "under God" out of the American Pledge of Allegiance.
I believe determinism should be the dominant philosophy and objections to such are simply due to lack of human understanding even with mounting evidence.
It is wrong for western organisations to push for a ban in dog meat in other countries.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, March 14, 2015 - Friday, March 20, 2015
I think football (soccer) is a joke in comparison to other sports due, in large part, to the absolute authority given to referees regardless of if they make the wrong decision.
There is no good reason for a no tolerance policy.
the ELI5 subreddit should have a point system much like this one or theydidthemath
Reddit is not the left-wing site it thinks or pretends it is and is actually very closed and conservative overall.
Cities Skylines is actually not much better than Sim City.
Vegetarians who smoke are hypocrites
Sexless Saturday - 03/21/15
The American constitution would benefit from the addition of a notwithstanding clause
CMV that 'paying respects' on social media is a good thing.
I believe that Reddit is an echo chamber of thought and is worsening the polarized political climate in the same way that ultra-conservative shows do.
Goku is an awful father.
Sports that can end in a tie, such as Football (Soccer), undermine the point of competition.
The U.S. should create an online college to combat current higher education costs
Why exactly do we have downvotes, if we don't want people to use them?
I do not think eSports (LoL) should be considered a sport and/or be added to the Olympics.
Science should contribute more moral guidance to our culture
Receipt of certain means-tested assistance (i.e., "welfare") should be conditioned on use of long-term birth control.
Power users and censorship will be the ultimate downfall of Reddit, similar to Digg.
Grad(High School graduation) isn't that big of a deal
A congressional "re-boot" would breathe new life into the legislative branch of the federal U.S. government.
The "Screen Images Simulated" on Cell Phone Commercials are False Advertising
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 03/20/15
Only a virgin girlfriend can make me happy and slut shaming is okay
Chinese/Japanese/Korean movies are cheesy, bad acted, overacted worthless movies.
Reddit should implement three restrictions to prevent dishonest self-interested voting (restrictions inside post).
It is completely acceptable to talk on the phone while a cashier is ringing up your items.
I believe drug addicts should be held accountable for their actions and unable to hide behind the fact that it's a disease.
I should stop being a vegan
I think driving without insurance should carry the same penalties as driving under the influence
Tommy Wiseau is a character, not an actual person.
Divesting of shares in fossil fuel companies by wealthy philanthropists will not cause mankind to "keep it in the ground".
I should be able to have blue hair at my Engineering job.
Most of the typical negative comparisons between the United States and Europe are complete bullshit; Americans are no more racist and no less cultured than Europeans.
in most cases, it isn't worth it to defend an unpopular opinion on Reddit.
The PRC is a bigger threat than Russia.
Standardized tests and credit requirements for high school graduation should be the same nationwide.
The behavior 9/10 times from parents in restaurants make me furious
Seat belts should only be recommended and not mandated, the same way healthy life style is recommended.
MissingKids should not print ads searching for people who've been missing more than a decade.
Escalators are meant to be walked up, not ridden.
Universities should only and always charge for tuition with a percentage 'tax' on future earnings, which could vary by course.
I believe no one truly owns anything, one truly owes people, no one truly has rights, privileges, or anything else of the sort,
We are as relevant to a God or a higher power, as a microscopic plankton in the depths of the ocean is relevant to us as human-beings.
Sociopathic behavior is caused largely by loneliness.
As an Argentinean, I feel that the country that most threatens world peace is US.
I think 4 day work weeks are much better for everyone, and the only reason we're not switching to it is habit and not being able to coordinate a large scale switch.
Taxing Tampons/Pads in Canada should continue, because of a myriad of costs related to disposal and clean-up, and that they're in-fact a convenience.
There is nothing wrong with smurfing
I believe that recreational and medical cannabis should be federally legal in the United States of America.
SSRI medication is scam
Some jobs are "useless", but still have more value than other "useless" jobs
Premier League is not the best football/soccer league in the world
I find the vocal minority expressing views on gender equality in the work force to be hypocritical
I think "Ethnic Studies" curriculum should be required before high school graduation in all districts that have high concentrations of students of color.
Fahrenheit is superior to Celsius in everyday usage
Religion created a fear of death, and it's time to get rid of both.
Most people who use the front door of a bus to exit are being rude and inefficient
It should be required by law that the fine print in commercials stays on the screen long enough for an average reader to complete the text.
That the wage gap is primarily the fault of the market, and we shouldn't interfere.
I think Hillary Clinton's use of personal email for official business is a greater scandal than it is currently is
As an American used to American sports I personally will not be able to enjoy watching soccer.
Sex should be available by prescription
Master Chief is the worst thing about Halo (spoilers).
Walmart is an evil corporation, which is bad for the USA and the world
Groups such as WISE (women in science and engineering) are sexist so long as they have no male for female dominated fields of study
I think the stereotype of men being concerned about their penis size is not true
There are more important things that need to be made zero-rated than tampons.
Jaywalking should be legal and socially acceptable
"Pay-it-forward" chains are pointless and unnecessary.
When using the English language, we should refer to "Mumbai" as "Bombay" for the same reasons that we refer to "Deutschland" as "Germany."
Germany should not pay any further reparations for WWII damage
Irish folk dancing is lame/dumb/weird. They don't use their arms at all. ...
Muslims are the most discriminated against in general (on Reddit and in the UK)
'Murca should just let the South secede, so the rest of the country could progress to a better place.
all women are gold diggers and will only have sex with you when they know they're getting something from you in return
Southern California should not exist as a major settlement
Identifying as a gender you weren't born with should be pointless
The most useful thing to teach children is to follow instructions.
Amazon should buy Yahoo! so that both of them can compete with Apple, Google, and Microsoft.
The belief that we fade into oblivion when we die is unsubstantiated scientific dogma.
Undocumented parents of US citizen children should be deported.
Voter ID laws should not be enacted in the US
Street art/graffiti should not be criminalized.
The brutal murder of an innocent insect in Planet 51 (cartoon, 2009) is a bad lesson for kids.
Being offended is selfish and harmful to society
A better method of ending a basketball game is at a specific score rather than by time.
Quick service restaurants should charge for water because cups, labor, and water are not free.
Abortion is stealing the chance of life away because someone was irresponsible, and is not the thing we should be fighting for.
the human race is currently at it's greatest and evidence shows that the future will be overwhelmingly positive
Globalism is killing less developed countries.
The primary draw for higher education (college/university) is the party scene.
The policies of the Abbott government have on the whole been extremely harmful to Australia
Humanity would be better off spayed and neutered, with a cryogenic bank for their seed
The strongest ethical arguments for veganism are stronger than those for meat eating or vegetarianism
Insurance is more effective/efficient/stable with a larger base of payers. Therefore, a single payer system is better than multiple competing insurance pools.
The best feasible society includes a government.
There should be limits/disincentives to investing in existing residential property
There are too many automatic bids to March Madness, and not every conference is good enough to get a guaranteed slot.
Emotional Support Animals are BS
Using AdBlock is morally equivalent to piracy.
Flying cars are ridiculous and should never become a "thing."
People with unconventional beliefs should be allowed to establish self-governing communities and enforce their own laws
Nationalism/patriotism is primitive and irrational.
No CEO should make more than 500x their lowest paid worker.
Common Human intuition is reason by analogy
The argument abortion should be legal, because a woman has the right over her own body is negated by the reasons women really get abortions.
China will be the next sole economic superpower.
Colonel Terry Childers was completely responsible for the unnecessary killing of 83 people.
Lolicon is harmless and should be legalized nationwide.
Climate change is here and the potential solutions are too far away to make a difference
Downvotes are bad and shouldn't be on Reddit
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, March 07, 2015 - Friday, March 13, 2015
I feel that fighting for better contraception availability and sex ed in the US is more important than fighting for abortion.
Comment scores and comment voting should be removed because it has lost all meaning and actually detracts from conversation
VR is a fad that will suffer the same fate it did in the 90's
Employees SHOULD describe in as much detail possible what they didn’t like about their old job while interviewing for a new one.
That my foot fetish is abnormal.
Inflation is not sound fiscal policy. It's just a regressive tax.
I believe that keeping unvaccinated children from a public school during an outbreak is wrong, that children should be forced to be vaccinated instead.
The death penalty is only a harsh punishment for people who are wrongly convicted. For the guilty, it is by no means the ultimate punishment. It is inherently unjust and should be universally abolished.
I don't think agreement should be the goal of an internet discussion about a substantial topic in philosophy, politics or religion.
I believe that, to a certain extent, what is or isn't good food objective
Aspartame (the artificial sweetener most commonly found in diet sodas) does not negatively effect human health.
Cosplay effectively hurts comic books
If a politician and their supporters truly believe that what they preach is correct, then they have a moral obligation to use whatever powers in their means to enforce their policies.
Sexless Saturday - 03/14/15
Marijuana is dangerous because of the 'stoner' lifestyle people associate with
Politicians and pundits should make public bets when they have disagreements about measurable impacts of policies.
The Apple Watch: Edition (the gold one) is more of a marketing strategy for the other versions than a genuine product worth owning.
Since we do not know what came before the Big Bang, it is just as legitimate to claim a diety of some sort set the universe into motion as is to say it just happened
There is no reasonable way for to morally justify meat eating habits - at least as a middle class person in the western world.
Indiana Jones does not believe that "It belongs in a museum"
Stove-popped popcorn is the perfect at-home junk food.
We have the right to be upset about delayed sequels
Besides combating climate change, I believe the development of technologies and research to understand the brain (and the accompanying governmental investment) is presently the most important task humankind can undertake.
Ronda Rousey should not be compared to Mike Tyson, a “prime Roy Jones Jr.” or even male MMA fighters.
Sunny D is the best of all orange based beverages
The NFL should change pass interference from a spot foul to a 15 yard penalty
I believe we/media should not censor ourselves when discussing issues dealing with racial slurs.
Tattoos should be more commonly perceived as a desperate self esteem enhancement
In urban environments, cats have the Freedom to Roam.
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 03/13/15
Modern music around the world has lost it culture and is all becoming the same
There is no point in dubbing a foreign show/movie.
Reddit's voting systems hurts discussion by allowing people not to justify themselves
The US should nationalize the administration of federal elections
For all intents and purposes, nobody chooses to be who they are, and everybody deserves compassion.
Terrorists don't deserve a trial
We should be treating r/fatpeoplehate the same way we treat the Westboro Baptists or the KKK.
I believe that rent control is an essential public policy for all municipal areas because housing should be a regulated utility like gas or electricity.
I hold an indifferent-to-favorable view of gentrification.
I think that not going to steak night at a local high school's ensemble show is OK.
Voting doesn't make a difference
If we find extraterrestrial life, we will just treat it similarly to any other newly discovered animal species, and it will not unite and change humanity at all.
All US citizens should have the right to vote.
There is nothing wrong with being a gay guy who is apathetic to same sex marriage
Foods with recombinant, and especially transgenic, DNA are worthy of concern
People who have done DMT are less sane than the Average Joe
The two students leaders of SAE should NOT have been expelled from University of Oklahoma for their racist speech
I think teachers should not have a child during the school year.
There is no pay gap between men and women
Utilitarianism is the best source for morality.
Flo from the Progressive commercials doesn't need an apron on to sell car insurance
Too little is being done to save the environment, too late
I believe one can hold sexist/misogynistic/racist views and not be a bigot.
The Knights of Columbus should change their name.
The general public should be left in the dark about science
Bathrooms divided by gender are useless.
Some degree of militarization of our police forces not just in the United States but around the world is necessary to adapt to changing and increasingly real threats to public safety and national security.
We need to be more tolerant of racism.
Women should not serve in most military functions.
"Equal Rights, Equal Lefts" purports itself to be egalitarian, but it's just a veiled threat.
It is not worth the effort for me to cook rather than order delivery or eat out
The United States and Western Nations should choose a side in the Shi'a/Sunni conflict, and they should support the Shi'a.
Religious exemptions to vaccine requirements are unconstitutional.
"Doxxing", or the posting and sharing of personal information, is not wrong if said information is openly and freely available. Moderators of websites should only crack down on doxxing if it can be proven that said information was obtained illegally.
A person with an exceptional memory has no need to take notes or study.
I believe calling all troops heroes is wrong, due to some not deserving it
Waiters that cry about their pay are either terrible with money or liars.
Facebook was wrong to remove the "feeling fat" emoticon
Men who complain about having to pay the bill for dates make no sense.
Capitalism and Consumerism have created a culture of choice that causes people to think in terms of the individual instead of the community, when in fact cooperation with the community is vital to the success of humankind.
There is no logical argument that adequately explains why it would be a bad thing if the human race would go extinct.
I'm a racist I think
People who are racists, bigots, religiously dogmatic can never be changed. The only way to weed out these negative traits from the society is to focus on the next generations being properly educated.
Most of the people agree that Greece asking Germany for war reparations is ridiculous, since WW2 ended a long time ago. Thus, it is perfectly fine for Greece to ignore its debts for 70+ years and then make the exact claim.
Governments should enact a true Jubilee for much of their internal debt, forgiving or vastly reducing it to better people's lives and banning harsh collection tactics.
There is nothing wrong with using the I-V-vi-IV chord progression
Self defense is a fundamental human right.
I think we should be able to euthanize people without their consent
The 'down with gender roles' and 'referring to someone with pronouns other than their biological gender' train of logic makes no sense
Either free will doesnt exist, or our consciousness is a metaphysical force.
uTorrent's installation of a cryptocoin miner is a legitimate and clever monetization scheme.
All other things being reasonably equal, people should not buy from places that offer price matching or advertise/offer things like "We'll beat their price by $xxx or X%".
I believe the concern over a technological singularity is unfounded.
I don't believe in love between opposite sexes, unless it is of course family/children/mom/dad/brother/sister etc.
Mac computers are overpriced, and you can always get an objectively better PC.
The University of Oklahoma's handling of the SAE incident is hypocritical
The entire concept of Global Warming rests on people's ability to predict the future. Nobody can predict the future.
It's time for a Second United Nations
I believe that all these Zoolander 2 related posts that make it to the front page today are part of an elaborate marketing plan and were manipulated to the front page.
I don't think my vote is worth anything
The control that the FCC is currently attempting to take over the internet will lead to morality based censorship
I believe that Qatar should not be allowed to host the World Cup in 2022
CMV I think it's stupid to assault a police officer and expect them to not defend themselves.
Transgender people should NOT be able to use the bathroom of their OPPOSITE BIOLOGICAL sex
Genocide is the most progressive means for the most progressive end--utopia.
Taste is not totally subjective
Businesses either "race to the top" or "race to the bottom".
Reddit should not have donated 10% of its revenue to charity organizations while its servers consistently fail to support peak use conditions.
Drunk sex is fun and moral.
I believe that animal hunting is not immoral.
The negative perception of Pedophiles in society causes pedophiles to be more common and more dangerous.
If you believe the planet is overpopulated with humans and you can read this post, you are probably a hypocrite
There is no positive right to have children
Net Neutrality is Good
Whatever Hillary Clinton did or did not do regarding Benghazi is not an important issue, and Americans stand to gain nothing by investigating her role in it.
War should be fought by weapons embargos, NOT violence and military campaigns.
Net neutrality is badly explained and horribly misunderstood, especially within the hivemind of communities like Reddit.
People who plead not guilty should not have hasher punishments than those who plead guilty
I'm a man who finds MRA more irritating than respectworthy.
I think deaf parents who refuse cochlear implants to their deaf children are being selfish.
I think socialeconomic status is a reflection of modern natural selection.
A man should have a equal and fair say in whether a woman keeps a pregnancy or have an abortion in an accidental pregnancy.
Teaching life skills should be the core function of high school, and not general education.
chocolate addiction is real
If a police officer clocks into his job on the street with nothing but a gun, he "intends" to kill anyone who poses a violent threat.
I believe that anyone who has left their home country for Syria should be denied re-entry.
Everybody Can Be Racist/Sexist
We shouldn't judge an action by it's intentions.
The Scandinavian system of setting the cost of fees to the ability to pay is the most fair system
Immigrants shouldn't be expected to integrate.
Teaching a person how to solve math problems without using a calculator is pointless in modern society.
i find nothing wrong with (semi {as in, above a certain age}) non_practicing pedophilia
I should run for president, based upon my non existent political career and desire to fix things for the middle class.
Public advertising is a large inefficiency in modern society.
I think transgender persons should be able to do what they like with their body; but I have trouble accepting large (i.e., clearly formerly masculine) transwomen.
In calculus, integrating should be taught first before taking derivatives.
There doesn't deserve to be male- or female-only sporting events.
Complimenting women are not sexual harassment
I really do not think the NSA listening in on my phone calls is that big of a deal.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, February 28, 2015 - Friday, March 06, 2015
The Doomsday Argument is silly and easily refutable.
I think most political arguments that boil down to "we must protect the children" are bad arguments.
I think that accepting transsexualism is actually regressive, in the sense that it actually reinforces gender stereotypes and roles.
The best economics book is _Capitalism: A Treatise on Economics_ by George Reisman
We are living in the best generation ever for music.
Right-to-work law is beneficial for workers in the long run.
Child abuse has become too broad a category in recent decades.
of Warlords of draenor
Google and Microsoft having my private information shouldn't bother me
Proposed laws should be untitled
verbal bullying is equivalent to physical bullying
Sexless Saturday - 03/07/15
The best way to let abused youth escape would be a basic income for any youth who wants to be emancipated
Teachers should have a comparable salary to doctors
Reddit should not allow subs such as /r/GasTheKikes and /r/CoonTown
Our superior ability to communicate with each other is the only thing separating us from other animals.
The city of Los Angeles should ban airbnb.com from operating in the city.
Unfollowing someone on Facebook is a really shitty thing to do.
Reddit executives should start a fuss in the media about other websites stealing Reddit user content without permission or adequate citation.
Mars is a poor choice for terraforming.
There should be an internet police that go around and delete ignorant comments
Companies should split up into smaller ones by law as soon as they reach a certain threshold
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 03/06/15
With the technology we have, we should switch from a Representative Democracy to a Direct Democracy.
TrollXChromosomes is not a place for all women.
Nothing is worth dying for if you enjoy living.
Child labor is not inherently immoral and should not be forbidden.
The overthrow of Mohamed Morsi in Egypt ended our best window at containing radical Islam (repost)
Edward Snowden / Big Brother America
Fermi's Paradox means we will never become a space-faring species, or die trying.
The term "womyn" with a y is silly and only causes people to not take feminists seriously.
I consider myself a feminist and want equal rights for all, but I think campaigns like He For She that seek pledges from people to specifically help women are pointlessly limiting and help to continue the division of the sexes
Washington DC should receive full representation in Congress.
Overpopulation is a myth.
Municipalities should have to turn over all fine revenue to the State government (USA)
All restaurants should be required to post calorie counts on their menus.
I Think it's Unfair and Unproductive to Hold Protesters and Protest Movements to a High Rhetorical Standard
I think the Uncharted video game series is very overrated
Politicians should take tests before running for office, and be tested before any vote to show competency on the subject.
Being able to see your own feet in an FPS is not immersion-breaking.
I believe that Partisanship in America is a Good Thing
There is some scientifically valid evidence against compulsory childhood vaccines.
Education should be based less on learning facts, and more on effective research and use of information
extra thin or extra fat people don't have dibs on body image issues and mental health
To ensure our survival and our humanity we must Stop science research in some areas, despite their benefits.
While we have not reached the limits of what we can uncover using the scientific method, the areas where we need to most urgently improve our understanding and knowledge can not be aided by the scientific method.
a universe allowing for events having supernatural causes isn't too different from a solipsistic universe
VR headsets will not be as popular as predicted because they can't be used in a group activity
Clickbait isn't that bad. (Reason Number 2 Will Blow You Away!)
I hate my British citizenship and wish I could get rid of it.
CMV HeForShe is a bad campaign name
I don't give a shit about the environment
Existential Nihilism is a superior worldview to religion
Moving to San Francisco today is a waste of money
Pun threads should be actively discouraged in most subreddits.
Communism is an ineffective way to run a country (in a world where perfect communism would actually work as intended)
Marijuana is perfectly safe
Why should I tip a cab driver for doing his job?
I feel sad about my annual salary raise/bonus. I also feel guilty about feeling sad about that.
Graduation ceremonies are pointless/great or a waste of money/totally worth it.
I think murderers, pedophiles, and violent crime repeat offenders should be sentenced to death once proven guilty without a shadow of a doubt.
An ever growing GDP isn't necessarily a good thing.
All qualifications equal, there should still be an even blend of men and women in positions of power because men and women release different hormones during stress and women's "tend and befriend" hormones are much needed complement to men's "flight or fight" hormones.
Due to my belief that they have done more harm than good, I believe that the CIA should be broken up, and that the government should install a new intelligence agency with more provisions and checks.
University is useless for me
Abortion Is Far More Than Just Religion VS Science
There is no intrinsic truth to morality.
Students everywhere should refuse to pay back their student loans until our collective world governments make collaborative changes to repair our earth's environment.
Steam has had a negative impact on the PC games market, And Valve's F2P model isn't feasible to all developers
Smoking in public should be illegal
If it is good for my nation/state, then it is morally good.
Women are not discriminated against in the G7
On Puerto Rico's Proposed "Fat Tax"
I am a New Atheist, a Socialist, a Feminist, an anti-Imperialist, and a Historian who greatly admires the Middle Ages. I see no contradiction in holding all of these views at once.
The price of gasoline in the United States is too low.
If you have been making more than $2,000,000/yr for more than 5 years (or amassed a liquid net worth in excess of $10,000,000) and you are still working, you are an asshole and you are the problem with the economy in the US
I feel safer here in America, in terms of foreign affairs, because of how much we spend on military
The Occupy Movement Was Stupid and Protesters Had No Idea What They Actually Wanted
Why it would be a bad thing for states to break apart to form equal population size smaller states?
It is unreasonable to request no federal funding for something you don't like.
I belive that hydro power is a lot better than wind power, and that windpower is pretty much useless.
The UK Parliament should move into a new building, and Westminster Palace preserved as a museum
that, on balance, social networking websites have a negative impact on the United States.
CMV I think unpaid internships are immoral and companies are perpetuating them to reduce the risk of hiring graduates.
"This" is not an affective comment.
Business school is a perversion of the purpose of universities
instead of tipping everyone a small amount, it is better to only tip those that do their job well a large tip.
The Majestic Casual Youtube Channel is Racist.
The world would be better if everyone were forced to learn Lojban.
Aristocracies are Evil
"Checking privilege" deters discussion and progress
I believe that switching from chlorine water treatment to ozone treatment is not optimal
Power is corrupting. Therefore, extensive powers to the government should be limited in the context of "security"
I believe that in a fight, Superman would destroy Goku
I believe that cell phones should include a hole for a wrist strap.
It is good Reddiquette to dice up your reply into multiple comments when they are unrelated.
Increasing penalties for crimes does not appreciable dissuade people from committing crimes
Oliver Cromwell is the most evil figure in British history and the statue of him in London should be torn down
International leaders aren't necessarily "evil" in that they refuse to do something serious about climate change or poverty; rather, they're all stuck in destructive competition.
I believe controller breeding of human beings is a beneficial alternative to natural birth
It's futile to tackle extremism without fixing or replacing capitalism.
I believe Christians who are not constantly preaching are assholes.
Football (soccer) should stop the clock when the ball is out of play.
I believe Gladiator Fights should be brought back as a International Sport.
Rape would cause much less psychological trauma if it were socially viewed on the same level as violent assault as opposed to being seen as equally bad or worse than murder.
I hate children and think having them is overrated.
I believe nearly any animals life to be worth just the same as any humans life.
I believe that a state should be able to secede from the Union if there is a majority vote.
I think animal abuse should be legal
The Anti-Anti-Vaccination brigade on the internet is stupider than the Anti-Vaccination movement.
Societal myths such as Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny are a useful tool for teaching kids to always question what they are told
When it comes to internet forums like Reddit, pics or it didn't happen.
Emojis are a regression in the human language
It's not my job to take care of drunk friends.
Those who feel sampling music is somehow "cheating" or unartistic should feel that the vast majority of photography is just as much "cheating" and unartistic.
ISIS is no worse than Assad.
Discrimination is discrimination no matter who it's against.
The "Free Birth Control for Women" issue was and is nonsense.
The Joker's portrayal in recent comic books and video games diminishes and marginalizes Batman's other villains and even himself
The world is going in a downward spiral so I should just avoid all attachments until the end comes.
Feminism isn't the answer for Men
A full-grown grizzly bear would definitely win a fight with a unicorn.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, February 21, 2015 - Friday, February 27, 2015
Using the christian calendar year system (2015 C.E.) as an official standard of the United States violates the First Amendment of the Constitution
Laughing at someones expense is wrong
Grades are not important in MS graduate programs
We should abandon the "STEM" label, which is often used by well meaning but ignorant people to mislead enthusiastic youth into believing falsehoods about their career potential and job markets.
I don't see it as morally wrong for a nation state to severely restrict immigration into their borders.
Hardcore gaming is unhealthy.
Single Transferrable Vote (STV) is the best voting system.
Ross &amp; Monica have an almost creepy relationship (in Friends)
It's OK not to be in touch with family and friends while expecting the relationship to remain strong in its essence.
Apart for Kodi, is there any real reason for jailbreaking?
Using "Gay" as an Insult is not Inherently Wrong
Attaching minimum to inflation would not solve the problem of people living off of a "non-livable wage".
There's nothing inherently wrong with putting down a healthy cat or dog.
As devices in the Internet of Things become hyper specialized, large corporations will out compete any start-ups in the field.
Putin is both unjustified, and justified in the event that he has sent troops into the Ukrainian Region.
I don't like fat people.
Sexless Saturday - 02/28/15
I don't think civilisation will last beyond 2050.
It's okay to play computer games all my life and not experience anything else.
Mourning a celebrity death is the equivalent mourning the loss of a stranger's dog
Not only is the Power/Rangers short film bad and unnecessary, it proves how stupid the Power Rangers really are.
I don't think people should be able to opt out of being a presidential candidate.
a lot of people around here seem to be hating on /r/NoFap, but I think it's a good way to get rid of a destructive addiction.
Hostile takeovers should be illegal.
Unions have outlasted their usefulness. "Right to work" laws are much more in line with freedom of choice and capitalism than being forced to join a union
If you intentionally walk into people instead of getting out of their way, you aren't fighting the patriarchy. You're being an asshole.
I think college is a waste of time and money for 75% of students.
The lack of a fast travel mechanism in GTAV is a serious flaw in an otherwise amazing game
The away goals rule shouldn't apply to goals scored in extra time
It should be legal to buy and sell raw milk and raw milk products.
The vastness of space does not guarantee the existence of extraterrestrial life.
I believe that young people having sex is okay. (Beyond puberty)
I believe that going to an Ivy or a higher end school means you're more intelligent.
Terrorism can be an awful thing, but if it must exist, in our time, it should be used against corporations rather than government and people.
If it was possible to pinpoint the year in which the birth of modern capitalism occured, that would be a better dividing point than the current BCE/CE (or BC/AD) system.
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 02/27/15
The majority of issues that humanity faces are self-imposed.
Change my view from seeing this dress as blue and black to seeing it as white and gold.
I believe business should legally be allowed to retain the right to refuse service to anyone they please, including gays, blacks and any others who commonly would fall victim to this.
Games criticism is a joke compared to the criticism of more mature art forms.
People should not spend time/energy/resources trying to prevent suicide.
Consciousness operates under Quantum Mechanics
I believe men have the right to fight back against a woman with equal intent and force
Kanye West's lyrics are not as clever/deep as his fans make out (but I would love to be proven wrong)
I don't believe that selflessness is morally good, and I believe there is a conflict of interest in moral systems that say otherwise
I believe being a homeowner shouldn't be part of the 'American Dream'
(America) If money is speech, not paying taxes is First Amendment protected political protest
I am indifferent to sports and video games.
It is unethical for the American media to publicize stories about those merely accused, not convicted of crimes.
I should not have been banned from r/HoldMyNip for pointing out animal abuse.
Climate change may or may not be man made.
It's hypocritical for the government to allow Jewish custom to circumvent laws about pedophilia but allow the publishing of pictures of Mohammed which violate the hadiths of Islam.
Just because a man chose not to have any relationship with his child for the first few years of the child's life is not a valid reason to prevent the father and child from ever having a relationship.
Complaining about a big afro isn't racism.
CMV Oldies music applies only to the Jazz, Big Band, and "sound" of the mid 50s and prior.
The NSA should stop spying on us and I'm ok with the consequences of that.
If the police shoot someone who resisted arrest, it should be nearly impossible to indict the involved officer(s)
I think all human life is pointless, as in time, we will all die, be forgotten by the sands of time, and no matter how hard we try, nothing can stop this.
People walking around with guns is completely ridiculous and should require extensive training.
If the government can mandate health care for everyone, it has a responsibility to protect the secure information of the entities it endorses.
Adult life is pointless
As a healthy gay man I shouldn't be expected to take HIV drugs
It's not worth it for a man to get married.
Superheroes are an albatross and completely unrealistic.
I think that the western attitude to the situation in Ukraine is wrong.
The UK should abandon multiculturalism.
Technology does not make us less social
Chris Brown did not commit an "unforgivable" act
It is right that a man who accepts his wife's child as his own and is listed on the birth certificate as the father retains his rights to see the child and responsibilities to care for the child if it is later found out that he isn't the biological father.
Reddit is not worse now than it was at the beginning.
PSU football coach Joe Paterno deserves to have a more tainted legacy than baseball player Alex Rodriguez
Bitcoin (and its ilk) is worse than regular money
Beethoven's 9th Symphony has the sickest vocal drop in music history.
Before being able to vote, everyone should have to take a test to prove basic reasoning.
Arabs are not ready for democracy. When they get it, they do bad things like oppress minorities and impose religious law
Like homosexuality, society should stop being hypocritical and accept all types of sexual orientation (such as bestiality, pedophelia, etc) but not necessarily its manifestation
Children should not be raised religiously
There is something deeply dubious about "Citizenship" classes
I don't agree with the American tendency to lionize Abraham Lincoln.
Gender identity should not be a 'thing'.
In vitro fertilization/assisted reproduction in general is irksome to me. Being that so many children are without parents, I don't get why adoption isn't a viable choice for those couples who cannot conceive without assisted reproductive technologies.
I think animal trade should be banned.
Traffic laws should only apply during times when there are a lot of drivers on the road, all other times they should be optional
Transgender individuals have a delusion.
I believe that Generation Z women are becoming men and the social ramifications of this will be widespread.
There is nothing redeeming about gambling. (I'm not talking games of skill, like card games; I mean games where you are guaranteed to lose over the long run.)
Private business should have the ability to discriminate against potential customers. And allowing this would be more effective against discrimination than laws against it.
Either college athletes should be paid or sports should be decoupled from post-secondary education.
Ted Kaczynski was right.
Religion shouldnt be thought in schools
I think that the United Nations Security Council needs a specific set of reforms, listed in this post.
I'm sure I'm not the first one to want their view changed on this subject but I'm going to ask anyway. I don't see a problem with not voting. I think by not voting, we make as much "change" and progress as voting for party X or party Y. Especially in today's US with only 2 real parties. CMV!
I believe universal healthcare should be a human right.
Philantropy should be mandatory for every elected official.
The horse is the greatest weapon mankind has ever harnessed, change my view.
Big Bang Theory is not that bad of a show, and the term "nerd blackface" is idiotic
If it were somehow possible to travel back in time and assassinate Hitler prior to his rise to power, I would oppose such an action.
The fact that a Qatar World Cup would have to be held in the winter is not a compelling reason to oppose it
The Academy's recent choices aren't racist towards black people, and most of the complaints about them are actually problems with the film industry as a whole
The moral of the Parable of the Prodigal Son is fucked up
If the minimum age to enlist in the Army and purchase cigarettes is 18 years old (in America), the legal drinking age should also be 18.
'Friday Night Tykes' encapsulates all that is wrong with youth sports in the USA.
I think the NSA should spy. (READ TEXT BOX)
Musical value is NOT subjective.
Incest Should be Legal
The vast majority of people lack sufficient understanding of Economics and Finance to hold an opinion on either topic as it applies to the real world.
The America public college system is backwards.
If humans were immortal, romantic relationships would decline and lose meaning.
Within the next 500 years, all life on Earth will be either wiped out completely or to a point where it is nearly impossible to rebuild society.
I believe a limited number of parties may not necessarily be a bad thing
Within the century we'll be pets to the machines (and their owners, if AI isn't running the show). And that's not a bad thing.
I think atheism is the better path than religion, as it can cause less conflicts
The United States has legalized corruption.
I would like to get a better paying job in a rewarding career field but I can't help but be dissuaded from going to college because all I read about it is people not being able to find a job in their career field and or having a massive amount of student loan debt.
It should be required to speak English in an English speaking setting.
Most people don't care about what people are wearing to awards show. In fact, most people don't care about the awards show either. This is some sort of Hollywood/media hegemony that is trying to make us care about something that we really don't or perhaps to distract us.
[Meta] Check out /r/thischangedmyview, for sharing your view-changing experiences.
Working &gt;40 hours/week for a salary based on a 40 hour work week is wage theft.
It is immoral, unethical and possibly should be illegal to be very wealthy.
I think subjective interpretations of the probability calculus should not be applied to assessing our credence in scientific theories.
The gathering of personal Data by Google, Facebook and others is nothing to be worried to much about.
I don't believe objective moral values exist (or can exist in a natural universe).
CMV. I don't think addicts in recovery deserves praise.
English should call countries by the name they call themselves, especially if we can pronounce it
Homeopathy works.
All United States Citizens should be required to do either military or civil service between the ages of 16-18.
The US Dept. of Health and Human Services should release official guidelines on pregnancy, including its definition, and what can and cannot cause it.
the new "Truth" tinder-themed anti-smoking campaign is the wrong way to get people to stop smoking
There is no good reason for a store to ban the concealed carry of firearms unless they have their own armed security (USA)
Studying coral reefs is depressing
Morality is relative. Like, completely relative.
I believe there is no reason for men to be more fascinated with breasts or buttocks than genetalia [NSFW]
Removing karma totals from user accounts would improve Reddit.
I have no hope left for most of my generation or myself.
Football is an institution which causes more problems than it solves, and receives far more money than it deserves.
I don't believe that non-violent drug offenders should get sent to jail.
Disney Should Have Just Rebooted Star Wars
When choosing who to run the country, why don't we have the choice of say, 10 candidates, with all their bio, beliefs and manifestos clearly shown and it be down to a internet/television vote to ensure voting?
Humans are their own worst pest species
It is impossible for prayer to affect the external world, because that is what empirical studies of the matter suggest
Most cleanses sound a lot like another way of binging and purging.
Intelligence Assessment Is An Incredibly Flawed Necessary Evil
Muslim here. Change my view on why cohabitation is NOT immoral.
Sexless Saturday - 02/21/15
PLEASE convince me, a white person, that I should feel comfortable in ethnically minority neighborhoods.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran don't deserve clemency from the Indonesian president.
Cosmetic surgery is the most worthwhile investment in your life, because your appearance is the most important thing in your life.
Digital media should be subject to some form of compulsory licensing system.
Corporations should not be able to take any tax deduction as long as a certain percentage of their employees receive public assistance.
10% of Revenue to Profit for Reddit is stupid
You are not entitled to your opinion.
I have absolutely no sympathy for people of any sex, age or race who decide to join ISIS.
The concept of "Wavefunction collapse" violates Occam's Razor.
Genetic predisposition factors that cannot be practically and sustainably addressed should not be a factor of an individual's insurance premiums and coverage.
Energy is the biggest problem facing humanity today.
The World, particularly the West, was better off when the Soviet Union existed and acted as a counterweight to the U.S. in geopolitics.
CMV. Firing Remus Lupin from Hogwarts was the right thing to do, and hiring him in the first place was irresponsible.
Alcohol would never be made legal if it were new in society
ppl in abusive relationships should smarten up and stop enabling abusers in our society
Human life has no value.
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 02/20/15
You can discuss one topic without reducing the importance of another.
evolutionary psychology is dubious in credibility, and at worst just make-up exuses to justify whatever your claim is.
The unfalsifiability of God's existence is good logic.
Public transportation should run 24/7.
Citizens United was a good ruling, and opponents of it are fundamentally arguing that Americans can't be trusted with democracy.
I don't think there's a good argument against suicide, other than "sometimes" it gets better.
White gold shouldn't be sought primarily by "karat".
The US Government should re-evaluate and re-distribute subsidies given to Fossil-fuel companies.
Giving teachers tenure is a stupid idea, and it promotes laziness and a poor education system
I don't feel bad for attractive people who complain about being 'holla'd" at
It's not possible to make a rational argument for why someone shouldn't be a "brony"
There is nothing good about Texas
Companies should be as intolerant of smokers on the job as they are with drinking on the job.
It isn't right that the wealthy get wealthier through their generations due to having increased opportunities due to being wealthy.
It's messed up of police officers to be waiting on a residential street 10 mins before the street's no-parking for street-sweeping time zone becomes in effect in order to ticket any remaining cars that weren't moved before the exact start time. Human courtesy calls for an informal grace period.
The new Cosmos is worse than useless
Democratic society is incapable by design to solve problems like the global warming.
It should be legal for people to sell their blood.
All laws could be replaced by one "You are not allowed to be a dick!"
People should be allowed to workout nude at indoor sports facilities, and we're better off doing so
Reddit shouldn't be donating money to charities when as fat as we know they're still in the red and the money they have isn't enough to run the website without being overloaded.
Gun control in the U.S. is ineffective, overstepping the bounds of reasonable measures, driven by ignorance, and much of it should be repealed.
Minimum wage increases unemployment rates and creates unfair wages.
I believe all human endeavors are pointless since our existence is limited and soon everything we have ever done is going to cease to exist.
The United Nations should prioritize impartiality within the United Nations and in other conflicts over physical intervention
"If you aren't with us, you're against us" is an unhealthy and incorrect mentality; passive non-participation is not the same as opposition.
I believe crowdfunding is stupid. It is lazy and a waste of time and money.
Ash Wednesday is an empty and counterproductive ritual
Climbing Mt. Everest is an exercise in arrogance, irresponsibility, and reckless futility.
Voting in elections is the best way to bring about political change in America, and people that choose not to vote are directly responsible for the current state of affairs in American politics
Standardized testing (ACT/SAT) is actually a great way to judge college readiness.
Women aren't as funny (successful as comedians) because they don't have to use humor to attract a mate.
In regards to cleanliness, convenience, and comfort, I do not think hose bidets in private restrooms or public restrooms are better than toilet paper.
Google and the Government using my data does not bother me.
Representative democracies would benefit from the inclusion of more direct democracy.
Ignorance of the law IS an excuse. In fact, it's probably the best excuse.
I Believe that Modifying Human Genetics Will Only Lead to More Problems.
No cryptocurrency can have very high valuation for extended time periods for 2 reasons....
There shouldn't be a speed limit on some western U.S. freeways.
Asians are more difficult to distinguish from each other than people of other races and there should be nothing wrong with admitting this.
I believe "at-fault" divorce should be re-implemented.
I feel perfectly fine judging people who use misspelled words or fail to use even the most basic grammar.
I think that both sides in the American Civil War were wrong for entirely different reasons. Furthermore, the Texas v. White decision is also morally wrong.
Karl Pilkington is fully conscious of - and plays up to - the persona expected of him
CMV : My hypothetical friend did nothing wrong. (financial abortion debate).
There is no law Congress can pass that will improve the nation's approach to information security and privacy
The Bachelor/Bachelorette is simply a guessing game.
I believe that Android is googles project to get people on their platform without them knowing that all their information is taken and recorded on servers to be used.
I believe that being gender fluid is a choice and not something you are BORN as
There is nothing inherently wrong with Tyga, 25 years old, dating Kylie Jenner, 17 years old.
Prostitution is not a form of violence against women
Fukuyama was basically right about the "End of History"
The mass market of (video game) consumers should not be held responsible for publishers marketing decisions |or| Voting with your wallet does not work
If the typical Western person was as different from the other gender as they claim, modern heterosexual relationships wouldn't work.
I Believe all White People in the U.S are Racist and we Need to Admit it More
Diamonds are an inferior gemstone.
I'm gay but do not attend LGBT events because I don't believe integration is achieved through segregated events, and believe these events only perpetuate the idea that male homosexuals are promiscuous.
I should be Pro-Choice...but I'm not.
Reddit's attitude towards TheRedPill is wrong
Operation Paperclip was a great thing for the United States and the world.
Disney Shows have Less Parental Guidance than they used to and are Less Relatable to Girls
Suicide is not any more tragic than other forms of death
I don't think I have a culture or a cultural identity.
Abortion should not be legal
Denying children vaccination is a form a child abuse and should be illegal.
Gender shouldn't matter when physically defending oneself.
I think the movie Interstellar would have been much better without a villain
'Buzzfeed Feminism' does more harm to feminism than good.
Prostitution should NOT be legalized.
Driving 'too slow' is never even remotely as dangerous as speeding.
A standing army is necessary and will continue to be for the foreseeable future.
A vocalist is the key to a band's success and is therefore the most important member of a band
There are other forms of life in the universe besides human beings
In Britain, where our healthcare is taxpayer funded, we should tax fast food at the rate tobacco is and regulate the amount of unhealthy food a person is able to buy.
Love is a choice and it is lust that we have no control over.
I don't think Louis CK is all that special.
I think when people say about 'thin privilege they aren't really thinking of thin people.
Police deserve as much respect as the military
Australia should change it's flag to a more distinctive design
I'm convinced no one can be completely Athiest, because denying that there MIGHT be something out there is just as ignorant as a lot of Athiests claim religion is.
Couples who have sex in public are selfish creeps
"War Heroes" like Chris Kyle shouldn't be viewed as heroes for the acts they committed, but as mass murderers.
A world without religion would be disastrous.
Students should have to wear uniforms
The Legend of Korra sets the bar for future children's TV shows.
Homeschooling is in most cases a good idea
Every single thing a person does is for selfish reasons.
The Cubs Will Win the 2015 World Series
I think the 50 Shades of Grey novel/movie portrays an physical/emotional abuse that is passed off as a BDSM relationship.
The Gluten Free phenomenon, regardless of actual scientific validity, will serve as an extremely useful source of epidemiological data on nutrition
I think the dark side is stronger than the light side.
I Believe the Legal Drinking Age Should Be Homogeneous Around the World
Honoring [living] American soldiers ignores the reality of war and glorifies the endless wars in which America engages.
Despite it being popular thing to say, 50 Shades of Grey is infinitely more watchable than any Twilight movie, and not just because of the nudity.
Smart TVs are pointless at best, a security vulnerability at worst
Gun ownership as a fundamental right (details inside)
There is a limited amount of positive portrayals on Islam and Muslims through media.
Medical background checks to purchase a gun is not a good idea.
Absolutism is the biggest hurtle in modern society, and at the root of nearly every single issue we face today. (Potentially edited for grammatical errors, content will remain the same)
Violent video games don't directly correlate with violent aggression and behavior
Alarms (fire alarm, car alarm, etc.) are completely worthless.
The UN should move it's headquarters out of New York City
ESP is real.
Increasing gun control is a bad idea
I think Racial Equality can be approximated by racial diversity in professional sports
The "New Atheism" is a religious movement.
Toddlers in Tiaras should be banned
There is no such thing as a "God" or supreme being
A car, new or used, is the worst investment you can make.
if anyone is objectified and exploited by porn, it's men.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, February 07, 2015 - Friday, February 13, 2015
CMV :The notion of pulling oneself up by the boot straps and the disdain towards minimum wage employees is very flawed.
I think non-disclosure agreements hamper future innovation in society and by eliminating them can further society as a whole.
I think foreskin is ugly.
It should be illegal to drive in the snow without 4WD and hold up traffic.
Psychiatry is most effective if practiced on a one to one scale
I believe that athletes contribute nothing to society other than entertainment, and therefore should not be paid more than more useful professions.
I think that the Special K Plan is unhealthy.
The "Model Minority" and "Positive" Asian Stereotypes are Dangerous and Racist
Religion should not have any legal protection from the government beyond free speech.
Shock Collars should be banned worldwide as they are inhumane and barbaric.
Google is too big to fall
I don't believe that God exists
Most PC Gamers (LOL, WOW, TF2, etc) will find any reason to complain like children, and it discourages new players from joining the "PC Master Race"
There is no difference between self-interest and selfishness.
Parents Need to Limit the Video Games
Paralympic Games make no sense since abilities are on a continuum; it's just a big white lie
Sexless Saturday - 02/14/15
Britney Spears is just as good as Johnny Cash or Bruce Springsteen and there is no "objectively" good music. To say otherwise is just a circlejerk.
America isn't institutionally racist but is rather recovering from a system that was.
Bill Nye should not be a respected as a leader of the scientific community
Men's sizing with clothing (32 = 32inch waist) is more practical and logical than women's (Size 12 = bigger than size 10)
I believe that GMO's should be labeled
As a single guy Valentines is the greatest night of the year
It should be referred to as "Soccer" and not "Football"
mental conditions like autism or aspergers are no excuse for bullying and abusing people
Am I a hypocrite for watching Fifty Shades?
More Redditors should start using "he or she" and "guy or gal" instead of just "he" and "guy" when responding to and talking about other Redditors.
Libertarianism is actually a statist ideology
Saturday Morning Cartoons lead to adults who view violence as a solution
I don't think we have an obligation to make sure the human species lasts forever.
Capital Punishment should be abolished in the United States
Some people in life, such as myself, are born to be losers with no motivation to do anything except the basics.
Unless your country is on the brink of war or your job is political, you shouldn't post politics to Facebook.
College athletes should not be given scholarships just for being an athlete and should have to go through the same scholarship process as non-college athletes.
Redditors should boycott buying Gold until Reddit is able to utilize the money they've already collected to improve their servers
I don't think we should colonize Mars.
We have little idea the ratio of honest rape allegations to dishonest one and it's likely a moving ratio depending on the legal/cultural shifts of presumed honesty
First Nations people are already given enough freebies in society, and should stop asking for further special treatment.
Parking/Speeding tickets are primarily for revenue generation.
Iran has the right to develop nuclear weapons to protect itself against US aggression.
I don't think that the unhealthy relationship depicted in Fifty Shades of Gray is a problem.
Savant Isn't as Great of a Producer as Everyone Makes Him Out to Be.
If able, people should have to contribute to society in order to have a comfortable life.
Immigration control should be limited to keeping out violent criminals, only
Bilingualism can solve aversion to diversity
In Star Wars III, Palpatine intentionally "loses" to Mace Windu.
Physician Assisted Suicide should be a form of palliative care
I Think Sports Betting Should Be Legal for Professional Sports Only
One-Day self defense classes do more harm than good.
Humans enslave dogs
Governments need to stop tracking down cartels and start rehabilitating addicts.
The 'T' in LGBT should separate and become their own community and political entity.
I believe that the past of the other partner is important in relationships
I believe humanity should be able to do all it can technologically to achieve the peaks of their mental and physical abilities (i.e. human augmentation).
I believe my depression and anxiety will never go away, and I'll never be able to function. Please, please change my view.
CMV Steve Carell isn't a very good/funny actor
There is no need for me to update to the newer Skype, and that the older version is better
Police revenue raising from fines is perfectly justifiable
Power, Education (at all levels), Health care, Internet &amp; phone service, housing and clothing should be provided by the state for free
It's immoral for a company executive to earn more than $1 million a year.
High school athletes should not be required to 1 year of NCAAB/European League before their pursuit of NBA
I don't believe the Chapel Hill Shooting media coverage has been any less than other shootings.
Demisexuality is not a marginalized sexuality in the United States.
Gun laws should be made more strict
The keystone pipeline is meaningless whether or not it passes.
I shouldn't get LASEK surgery.
I believe that college athletes should be held to the same admissions criteria as all other students.
Euthanasia should be a legal medical practice
If Marvel makes Captain America 3 faithful to the Civil War comics, the movie will ruin the MCU
The morality of homosexuality cannot be rooted in the "it's not a choice" argument.
Entertainment with widespread appeal necessarily forces consumers to compromise their enjoyment.
Focusing too narrowly on the plot of movies is a shallow way of experiencing and critiquing them
Division I athletes should be paid minimum wage
CMV society overreacts when a white person says the N word
Wealthy People (especially in America) are unfairly demonized by the general public.
I am struggling to accept evolution
"Planet" should not be part of the Triple Bottom Line (People, Planet, Profit).
CMV Fudgie brownies are the only way to prepare them, and cake-y ones are disgusting
I want to purchase a Gaming Laptop
Net neutrality is a partisan issue and republicans/conservatives are on the wrong side of history on this
Raising and then killing an animal for food when you have other food available is morally wrong
Religion is evil and causes more problems than it solves
Knights of the Old Republic has boring gameplay
Scientology is not that bad, and is on par with any other religion more or less
I am nervous about sleeping on my back.
Mass immigration is great for the "1%" but has severely negative effects for the "99%"
I think pornography should be more heavily censored by government.
Elected officials should not be allowed to switch parties while maintaining their position.
Late-term abortions that occur after 20 weeks are murder.
Netflix should have ads.
Jokes about and mockery of stereotypes is not racist/sexist/etc.
the outside part of my pants where my butt is, is just as unsanitary as any other part on the outside of my clothes
It is morally wrong for professors to teach with heavy bias in foundation/required courses
Twitter is nearly unreadable and people mostly only use it for posting
I see no reason to ban wearing of religious clothing in state (US public) schools.
having a lot of money hardly translates into increased freedom, and often translates into increased liability
I don't think choosing a gender has any merit.
I believe that students should not have to pay for tuition while they are in college.
Most highway traffic is caused by poor driving, not the number of vehicles on the road
female orgasms are not more elusive and varied in type than those of the male, but rather male orgasms are quite analogous and typically drastically over-simplified by conventional knowledge.
There is not a universal right to unlimited medical care.
Having to buy reddit gold to see 100 subreddits on your front page instead of 50 is just as bad as on disc DLC
Most movies that last longer than two hours should provide an intermission.
It should be illegal for store credit to expire on a federal level.
Libertarianism Would Lead to a Happier More Equal and Prosperous Society
Accommodations offered on the basis of Religion discriminate against atheists.
Transgender people should go by their sex rather than their "gender"
Noam Chomsky is as bad as the most slanted pundit on Fox News
The famous punk rock acts (Sex Pistols, Ramones, etc.) from the 70s sound horrible.
The outrage people have when idiots vandalize things found in nature is a huge over-exaggeration.
The US president should be able to use Assassination against rogue groups instead of (semi-)conventional military units
I don't believe Climate Change is science.
The reduction of suffering is more important than the preservation of life.
The news should go back to covering suicides.
There's no point in bothering with life, since we will all die.
Americans, especially blacks, should leave the country more often
I strongly disagree with the label 'literary fiction'
I don't think that Star Wars: Episodes I, II, and III are bad films like most Star Wars fans would have you believe.
"Black Face" isn't Racist
I think DUI checkpoints represent illegal searches without probable cause and should be banned.
The fundamental problems of capitalism are caused by a too-short time horizon.
US courts should use professional jurors and the selection process should be blind
I don't see "White Knighting" in a video game as a bad thing, and in fact would encourage it from people who genuinely love and enjoy the game.
Being LGBT is a mental disorder
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, January 31, 2015 - Friday, February 06, 2015
Anyone has opportunities to succeed, but some people have more opportunities than others.
Religious tollerance is pointless, religions are not equal and have no place in modern society
The anti-vaxxer movement is not 100% BS.
The US has genuinely been attempting to improve the middle east, and the past 20 years have not been for profit
Street preachers should be given ASBOs (anti- social behavioural orders)
The mid-90s near universal adoption of the measles vaccine in the UK came too late be claimed as the cause of the 20th century drop in the incidence of measles in that country
Insider trading should be legal
The media turns us into what we consume
graffiti vandals should be treated much more harshly and publicly shamed, and if minors their parents should be punished and fined heavily.
Sexless Saturday - 02/07/15
BBC Radio 1 currently plays some of the most lyrically boring, vacuous music ever recorded... with one exception.
Neil Degrasse Tyson isn't actually as pretentious or as annoying as everyone, all of the sudden, thinks. the internet is simply sick of him the same way they get sick of every person / trend / meme.
felony crimes should be revised
Imperialism is the best form of foreign policy
Irony and hypocrasy aren't relevant to the argument...any argument.
Prison should be abolished and replaced with mandatory rehab
I should spray pepper spray into my attic to get rid of (what I'm pretty sure are) squirrels.
It's Fresh Topic Friday! - 02/06/15
There is literally no reason for the distinction between "AMA" and "AMAA"
Schools should not sponsor after-school sports/activities
Sexual education should not be limited to safety. We should also be encouraging sexual experimentation and teaching how to improve one's own sex life.
Pokemon is a bad video game series.
I believe we should have a system where we pay people not to have kids.
Windows 10 on the Raspberry Pi 2 is a bad thing
The OPs should be allowed to be questioned in r/creepypms.
I believe stopping a fetus before it becomes a baby, is no morally different from never creating it in the first place.
Humanity will come to ruin before we colonize another planet.
Although vaccines are demonstrably effective and safe, I don't believe we should mandate them for anyone, including public school children.
All drugs should be available through a user license. (Including alcohol &amp; tobacco)
Any band that isn't a huge success would be wise to take any gig they can.
Reddit should allow users to hide their comment history from their profiles.
Identifying as a "Pansexual" is more confusing than its worth, and makes Transgenders more outcast
Identifying as a "gamer" is meaningless
Harry Potter's angst and moodiness in "Order of the Phoenix" was completely justified.
Windows 8 is not the right operating system for me
Any attempt to re-balance wealth is futile, because even if you reset everyone to exactly $1, some would rise above the rest and eventually become billionaires again, and those billionaires would form corporations and wield superhuman economic and political power
Optimism is Irrational and Childish
Reddit picks on fat people because they are an easy scapegoat and socially acceptable target for hatred, not because of any legitimate concerns.
Canada's structure of government is superior to the United States'
I really, really feel nothing but disdain and disgust at the thought of joining the military.
To be vegetarian and participate in modern agriculture is philosophically inconsistent.
It is immoral and unethical for poor people to have children.
Countries that harbor ISIS and the Taliban should be given a timeline to deal with the problem themselves, or face severe military invasion.
I dont see the negative side to Euthansia
We should not have fixed-price fines for unlawful activity
The show Teen Mom glamorized teen pregnancy, albeit unintentionally. And now they're glamorizing it further.
r/SluttyStrangers is an unethical thread full of men betraying women.
Treating sex more seriously than violence in media makes sense.
Singing well is a skill that a substantial amount of people can't learn
I should not register for the Irish Water charges
People have a right not to choose get vaccinated and reddit's consistent attacks on the anti-vaccination movement are motivated by the insecurity of its users.
15-20 years in the future, approaching a women IRL to hit on her will be "creepy" and online dating will be the only acceptable way to date. This will lead to most men just hiring prostitutes as a substitute to real relationships and a population crash will happen
killing myself and donating my organs would be a heroic act, and useful to humanity
There is an effective cure for all types of cancer, but the government and health care systems do not use this on the general public.
Wine glasses are impractical, inconvenient, and should not be used for the purposes of drinking when more convenient glasses/cups are available.
Romantic love isn't a risk worth taking
I think incest (and incestuous marriage) between consenting adults should be legal.
Fireworks should be socially unacceptable
Modernity is evil.
Being "fair and balanced" isn't necessary--especially when one of the sides is in direct conflict with actual scientific fact.
Pro-life activists/advocates should all sign up to become caretakers/foster parents to the fetuses they fight so hard to protect. Not doing so makes the whole movement the epiphany of hypocrisy.
It is unfair to say that playing video games is a waste of time if you spend a similar amount of time watching television.
I believe it is irresponsibly anti-science to claim that a breed of dog (ie: Pit Bull) can't be genetically predisposed to violent behavior, and it should be treated the same as owning a large exotic predatory cat (Tiger, Leopard, etc).
I don't see marriage or having children as anything but an end to my life as an individual.
I don't know why it's a bad thing if the demographics of occupational categories don't match the demographics of the wider population.
It shouldn't be necessary for anybody to come out
Marshawn Lynch should be fined
Science is dead
I believe opera sounds ridiculous and find it very difficult to take any operatic music seriously.
I think most liberals are fascists.
anti-vaccine parents whose children infect a child that relies on herd-immunity with a preventable illness, should be charged with negligence or a similar charge.
I hate concert dance and dancers
Jackass isn't funny
As far as I'm concerned, the QB GOAT question was answered last night. Tom Brady is the undisputed GOAT.
Demographics Favor Women in Dating
Parents who choose not to vaccinate their children should be treated the same as sex offenders, in that they should be barred from public areas containing at-risk members of the population, and required to obtain written consent of those who live in an area before being allowed to move in.
I believe that a person who has not tried drugs (including alcohol) at least once is a person who is significantly missing out on a fundamental human experience. This is barring medical issues (including a family history of addiction)
Life would be better if you could just ignore politics etc.
I don't believe that identifying as a gender actually makes you that gender
I hold no responsibility for war crimes
I believe volunteering is wrong for our economy and fills in jobs that should be paid.
RationalWiki is just as bad as Conservapedia, and both are bad for society as a whole
Most of the issues in American politics should be taken care of by the states instead of the federal government.
Coffee should be default to black, not cream and sugar.
I think Google is the most powerful company in the world.
People who claim to support a cause but not nonviolent civil disobedience in support of that cause are more harmful to social progress than people on the opposite side of the cause
Selling is the most useful life skill anyone could have
Those cruel ASPCA commercials do more harm than good to their cause
Hall of Famers in any sport should not have to wait through multiple rounds of voting to be inducted.
If you live in a developed country, you are directly responsible for no more than 1/5th of the wealth you make. The rest is benefit from your society.
Artificial Intellegence
It's no longer reasonable to expect to raise a family on a single blue collar wage due to all the monthly billed, modern "necessities" we have compared to decades past
parental rights shouldn't exist. raising your own biological children should be viewed as a privilege and if there's a conflict about what's best for a child it should always be left up to who ever is most qualified to judge, never the parent.
I believe in the right to bear arms.(long post Google stuff yourself before asking for citations)
Vaccines should be mandatory
Consciousness is eternal. Every conscious being will become a god of their universe.
In peacetime, the military should be used as a government workforce [read details]
The only true way to break the cycle of poverty and crime in the black community is to equally fund all public schools
I feel like transwomen demand too much of others by expecting us to accept them as being the same as cis women.
The US cannot, and should not, tax corporate income made and kept overseas
We shouldn't respect old people based on age
It was reckless &amp; irresponsible of Kenji Goto to go to the middle east
I believe Abortion is Wrong
[Mod Post] Genderless January Feedback
A world in which meat from animals is not consumed would feel cold and lifeless to me.
In order to continue enjoying the benefits of the Euro, EU countries will have to take directions from Berlin.
I don't see anything wrong with objectification
There is no such a thing as cultural appropriation, because no one can own an idea.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, January 24, 2015 - Friday, January 30, 2015
People have no social responsibility to cater to one anothers' ethics
I have a particular view of what constitutes a sport. Based on that view, "e-sports" are not sports.
If your knowledge or past experiences make you weary of certain demographical groups, it is not a bad/biased discrimination (e.g. racism).
I don't think being a bandwagon fan is as bad as people make it out to be.
I recently watched the movie 'Taxi Driver' and hated it. Change My View
Watches today serve no functional purpose other than fashion, and therefore are a waste of money
I think compulsory voting is a bad idea
Historically, the appropriation of African-American music occured on a societal level, not the individual. Presently, this has changed.
Artificial Intelligence wont be a problem.
I would have no problem if the death penalty was reintroduced in a limited capacity to the UK.
Young Earth Creationists and Atheists who argue about the Bible's validity based on the science found in the Bible are both wrong.
Online petitions are useless
If you support gay marriage, you must also support polygamous/polyamorous marriages
Super Mario Bros 3 is better than Super Mario World. I cannot see why SMW is loved so much more.
Saying "the N word" when talking about the word itself or its past or recent use is silly
The Columbine massacre was a good thing.
I think cops should periodically have to take some sort of assessment to prove they are fit enough to adequately do their job.
The United States should embargo Japan for its inhumane whaling program
The 2016 Republican Nominee will have the EXACT same policy/personal positions as the 2012, 2008 nominees. And will lose.
Words only have as much power as you give them and I cannot offend you without your consent.
The ideal for Drama TV shows is the anthologised short series.
Double-clicking a word in Windows selects it...AND selects the space behind it.The latter should not be the case.
College sports are over-idolized in American society
There is no point to putting people guilty of most white collar crimes in prison. They should be forced to work to pay back what money they have stolen for however long it takes accomplish that goal.
I don't need health insurance, and will pay the tax penalty rather than enroll in my employer's plan
I feel like a piece of shit for asking for cheaper or free healthcare.
The Holocaust is not a unique genocide (when compared to other genocides).
Heterosexual men and gay men have very distinct behavioral/thought patterns....
CMV- The best way to help the longevity of the Rhino/Elephant is to farm them.
I don't think the PEGIDA movement is harmful to Europe/Germany
French food is overrated and I find it uninspiring
Fresh Topic Friday - 01/30/15
I don't think there's a difference between casting a blank vote and not voting at all.
I don't give a shit how people use the words "literally" or "OCD" and redditors are just being whiny
Pregnancy generally should not be covered by short term disability insurance
ESPN has avoided harsh criticism of Marshawn Lynch's refusal to cooperate with NFL policies relating to availability to the media is out of fear of being called racist.
Parents should explain sex and sexuality to children as young as possible, to prevent child molestation and early pregnancy.
There is nothing wrong with the use of trigger warnings.
I think the effort needed for geting and maintaning a relationship far outweigh the benefits
"Healthy" is a borderline meaningless term nowadays and some's obsession with "healthy" eating is quite frankly stupid. Exercise is far more important for general health than food.
Reddit's reaction and comments about ISIS members are counter-productive and stoop to low levels.
We live in the best of all times to be alive
Future government structures need to include scientists who are not voted in by the general populace
I am a health care worker in direct contact with immunocompromised patients. I don't believe there is enough evidence to support the efficacy of influenza vaccination and choose not to be vaccinated.
Afrocentric beliefs, or any other racial equivalent is somewhat irrational
I find babies/toddlers/children who run around naked horrible and innapropriate.
The first objective of a Police officer should be to save lives, not go after criminals.
I believe the U.S. Federal Reserve's dual mandate is untenable and needs altering
Eateries where everything is take away should call out numbers rather than names.
I believe that websites and programs intended to detect photomanipulation such as 'fotoforensics' are useless.
Police Unions and Sheriff Associations asking Waze (Google) to remove the Police Tracking/Tagging App has NOTHING to do with officer safety and has everything to do with revenues, ability to give out tickets, and so on.
I believe that we will experience full scale financial, commercial, social and cultural collapse in the west within the next decade
Giving beggars or people on the street money is wrong, rather give it to helping institutions.
Roger Waters isn't a bassist worth praising.
The same traits which are necessary for the development of a meaningful friendship are necessary for the development of a meaningful relationship. Thus, there is no way in which two members of the opposite sex can remain platonic best friends, unless it is an issue of attractiveness.
I believe that america is a two party dictatorship
I should not be prosecuted if I join another country's army.
there is no scientific consensus as to what the consequences of Global Climate change will be.
Professional athletes should do their job and shut up.
There's no good reason we can't find or create jobs to combat unemployment
[Mod Post] Special request: new CMV mod in the Eastern hemisphere.
I believe the theory of Evolution is false.
Universal health insurance in the United States is an ideal system, however it is not feasible or reasonable to try and implement.
Bill Nye is not a scientist
Parents who dictate that their (adult) kids can't sleep with their partner while under their roof are ridiculous
being easily offended and getting angry about it is online harassment and should be illegal.
Reddit is anti-informative. The more time you spend reading Reddit, the stupider you will get.
I don't care about karma-whoring and I don't think it should play a role in the shaping of a subreddit's rules
When it becomes possible, we should screen for and "cure" addiction in children
I believe my odds at success in online dating are so slim that it's pointless to even try
I think affirmative action is needed until true racial inequality is achieved.
I should own my body and have a constitutional right which allows me to do anything I want to with my body (including doing drugs)
Constitutional Recognition of Aboriginals
LGBT-only schools are not a step in the right direction; they will not help tackle discrimination, only create a sense of "otherness"
Rubber bullets are a good thing, and are underutilized in law enforcement and in society in general.
The majority of the world's international issues could be curbed or solved by population control.
CMV Houses of Parliament
Websites should relax their password policies. (X-post GUE)
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, January 17, 2015 - Friday, January 23, 2015
There is no point in going to a 4 year university instead of transferring from a counity college.
Movies should not be eligible for the IMDb Top 250 list until at least a year has passed since their released
'American' is valid as a ethnicity.
Scientists' explanations of the origin of the universe are no more legitimate than intelligent design.
Drunk Driving is a victimless 'crime' and should be completely legal.
"Oculus Rift" overreactions are fake and are just people hamming it up for the camera
The Media should not be allowed to report on a trial, until the verdict.
Trying to help society/humanity is a fool's errand, it's better to try and help yourself or those who are close to you.
Private Prisons in the UK are a good idea.
Mainstream video games are largely unimaginative and uninteresting
War is obsolete.
We have run out of grave government-sanctioned injustices to protest against in the U.S.
The "Strartup Craze" is Damaging to Science, Education, and Technological Devlopment.
Mass Effect 3 would have been a better game if the Geth/Quarian situation had not been peacefully resolvable
Roger Goodell, the commissioner of the NFL, should be fired.
Why spend money on space exploration when we have so many other issues on Earth?
An argument based on semantics is almost always a bad argument.
I believe that the United States is the sole root reason that the world is as well off as it is today.
Parents who want to conceive should have to take the same tests as those who want to adopt.
Institutions of learning, especially colleges, should not hire educators that have accents that make it hard to understand them.
"The Hunger Games" as a story is completely unbelievable
The United States Post Office Should be Abolished
An entire people can never justifiably be punished for crimes committed by their government
Fresh Topic Friday - 01/23/15
I think PETA is doing the right thing euthanizing strays.
The Overtime rules of the NFL are unfair
Capitalism is the single greatest thing to have ever happened in the history of humanity
I think that the 2 party system in the United States has been largely beneficial to its growth and sustained success. Change my View
Money is a bad joke people use to hurt each other
Capitalism is cannibalistic
I think that states should be allowed to tax goods that are manufactured from other states within the US
Everyone who can be homeless should be homeless.
I believe the book "How to Analyze People on Sight" is factually true
Legalizing Marijuana Will Not Help the Economy
Reddit's circlejerk for rare/medium-rare steak is just people making themselves feel better and has nothing do with quality meat or actual taste of the cut
We should not encourage people to major in liberal arts.
The USA spends a ridiculous amount of money on our military.
No major legislation/reforms in the US will be pass in the next 50+ years and we are going to enter a very long period of "stagnation"
Believing that all religions are equal is illogical and simply PC
I don't think everybody should be able to vote in the US without earning it first
The proposed "Paycheck Fairness Act" is bad idea because it imposes ridiculous subjective rules on managers.
People who order well-done steaks should rather eat chicken.
The USA should offer totally free Government-subsidized college tuition for all who qualify for college admission (Community or University degrees)
The coming complete automation of unskilled labor in the next 10 years, capitalism, and bell curve intelligence are a completely incompatible combination.
Child Protective Services (CPS), while a good concept, is virtually useless in practice
I believe that standard of living is more important than income distribution.
Mark Wahlberg doesn't deserve a pardon.
It's no coincidence that states that vote Republican are objectively worse off...
The NFA should be almost entirely stripped, the machine gun registry reopened, and suppressors removed from it.
The Japanese government should NOT pay $200 million ransom for two of its citizens currently held hostage by ISIS
LSD and psilocybin should be legal as prescription medicine after further research
Michael Moore and Seth Rogan's criticisms of the film"American Sniper" are valid and the glorification of war is wrong.
I think it should be legal for people to change their birthdate.
Deniers of the Jenny story aren't giving good reasons to claim it's fake, and are just looking for something to call BS on.
If the Jenny and Carly story is fake, it should be praised for reinveting mystification, not condemned as deception
/r/thingsjonsnowknows should have precisely one post; one that just says cunniligus.
Medical Discoveries Shouldn't Be Allowed To Be 100% Monopolized Via Copyright, But Instead Should Reward the Corporation that Makes The Discovery/Patent With a 20% Royalty On Products/Treatments Sold Within That Patent.
NFL coaching staff should have a free agency period like the players.
In a couple, I think cunnilingus is more intimate and more bonding than fellatio
The current system for supporting Native Americans/First Nations People in Canada encourages racism, is ineffective in its goal, and is in desperate need of reform
Sarod picking is vastly superior to scalpel picking
I think that Assassin's Creed games are objectively bad games.
Holidays should not be named after people, but after the virtue(s) that they represented.
Poland should be a neutral state, leave EU and NATO, improve relationship with Russia, but not join Eurasian Union
It is rude to link to LMGTFY.
From small government libertarians and liberal environmentalists should agree on carbon trading/cap&amp;trade as the best available solution for our environmental problems and it should be expanded beyond just carbon.
An american style culture of dating makes it harder for men and women to be friends.
[Meta] Some advice for posters to CMV
I believe that Palestinians have every right to take up arms against Israel, because their human rights are being violated.
The ongoing TIFU about infidelity should never have been posted and redditors should now downvote it.
I feel that the consequence of infidelity is excessive.
That Technology will, in the near future, eliminate capitalism and create a more communistic society
We will never travel space in any meaningful way because we'll use up all of our resources long before that
There should be a significant change in the way math is taught in school because 80% of our time is spent learning how to do computation, and computers make that obsolete.
I'm not afraid of the government invading my privacy, I'm afraid of the public invading my privacy.
I have no desire to drink alcohol or partake in its associated culture, even at legal age.
CGI in movies is not necessarily a bad thing, and the general dislike for it by many Redditors is silly.
Eating animals is morally wrong.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, January 10, 2015 - Friday, January 16, 2015
Steamboxes are essentially PCs with SteamOS
The U.S. Customary System should be phased out of rthe educational system, and the metric system should take its place.
I believe that mainstream Christianity is incompatible with the teachings of Jesus as presented in the bible.
People who advocate against guns for self defense should at least suggest non-lethal alternatives.
I don't think extroversion and introversion are accurate representations of human behavior.
Videogame-fans are entitled to opinion/critizism/expectations regardless if they own a game or not
Had planes never been invented, the world would be a better and safer place in terms of transportation
I believe that the current way we are handling bullying is wrong
Abortion should be mandatory if a fetus is found to have a handicap
The people behind Charlie Hebdo kinda deserved it
The concept of the existence of the supernatural does not necessarily contradict itself.
Racism is clearly wrong, but criticism of culture is not wrong if done thoughtfully and in good faith. It should not be equated with racism, and does not make one an asshole.
CMV. Some lives are worth more than others.
I should quit my job to start a business
As a minority why should I care about minority representation in media?
World War II Was/Will Be a Good Thing Overall
Nobody can earn a billion dollars
It is impossible to raise taxes enough to balance the budget.
If it were to exist, I wouldn't want to go to the afterlife and live forever
Overpopulation is a serious problem and people have yet to have families should think about having smaller families.
As long as business owners cause no harm to others, they have no obligation to help anyone but themselves.
Living with your significant other is not a good idea.
Aqua Man's use of his powers are incredibly unethical.
I should be working 4 days a week
I think the All about that bass music video is a basically a direct ripoff of kyary pamyu pamyu
science should stop trying to push human life expectancy further
Fresh Topic Friday - 01/16/15
Nintendo's New 3DS Should Include an AC Adapter
Making a hypothesis before conducting a science experiment does more harm than good (creates potential bias to change the result or the original hypothesis)
Wickard vs. Filburn was an incorrect decision and overturning it is possible without drastic ill effects.
CMV - I think defending Charlie Hebdo, and especially posting vile portraits of the Muslim prophet, is tantamount to defending Bill Cosby's rape joke.
I support the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA).
There's no wrong way to eat a Reece's
Rubio's plan to expand the EITC is nothing more than a handout to the business community.
I think that all those ideas that are worth the "free speech protection" should be consequence free.
I believe that trigger warnings are unhealthy, and institutions shouldn't tailor their content around them
College applicants should have a limit to the amount of schools they can apply to, and the application fee should be omitted
Over-moderation of online forums is a lot worse than under-moderation
Nintendo is a badly managed company
"white guilt" is not real.
It should not be a considered rude if someone younger than you does not call you "Mr", "Mrs", "Dr", etc.
Using crazy parts of the Bible as an argument as to why it bad is a bad argument
There exists no better form of tea than Indian-style masala chai.
Talent isn't needed to excel at something
Unless you're prepared to go to the same lengths as 'Charlie Hebdo', Vous N'êtes Pas charlie
CMV : When someone is attacked by any means, the attacked will decided the mode of retaliation.
The United States Postal Service is amazing and should be expanding and becoming more customer oriented, not shrinking right now.
It's always worth listening to and acknowledging the validity of other perspectives during political debate and discussion.
The word 'Retard' (when used properly) is not a slur. This is about language.
The protection put upon Muhammad's image goes against its intended purpose.
A human society is a collective organism.
Like physical sports, I think a portion of video game skill/talent is inherent, rather than all being trained.
Making Third Reich Jokes or Casually Using Master Race Like in, "PCMasterRace" Trivializes The Topic.
A manned Mars mission is a waste of resources and hinders space exploration by sucking funds away from actually productive missions.
People who support causes only after it personal affects them are less altruistic than those who support causes that they have no relation to
Teachers Should be Allowed to Search Student Property
Believing "perfect is the enemy of the good" does more harm than good.
I believe it's wrong to ask someone out if looks/sexual attraction play a bigger role than personality in your desire to date that person.
(R) or (D) should not be included anywhere on ballots of any kind. Be it initiatives, local or state government elections, or presidential elections.
Arguing "If it offends you, don't look at it" isn't any different to "if racism offends you, don't listen to the people being racist."
There is no benefit to being an at-will, salaried full time employee.
Dating someone with kids.
Spirituality is pointless
Pepsi is the inferior soda.
I believe that people in the southern states are less tolerant than people in the north
It is offensive to be awarding people for acting disabled.
There is currently no humane form of capital punishment.
A National ID Card is a Good Idea
trickle down economics are an inferior economic model
A person's citizenship should never be revoked, even if they travel to war zones like Syria.
Muslim terrorists are a product of Western society
reddit should get rid of the downvote button
Hate speech, holocaust denial and advocacy of terrorism should all be protected as freedom of speech.
Multiculturalism is slowly destroying European cultures
Knowledge about the size and scope of the universe does not make me feel small and insignificant nor do i think it should.
Appointing Ted Cruz as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competitiveness is like appointing Kim Kardashian to chair the Itty Bitty Titty Committee.
I believe once a felon has been convicted and served their time, the only restrictions that should be placed on them in later life are ones which prevent them from re-offending in the same way.
"Defending freedom of expression in the face of oppression is one thing; insisting on the right to be obnoxious and offensive just because you can is infantile."
Disapproving of a particular religion doesn't necessarily make you a bigot.
The censorship of artwork of any kind is a violation of a basic human right. (Is NSFW Language a thing?)
Meeting the definition/stereotype of a group makes you a member of that regroup, regardless if you identify as that group or not.
Charlie Hebdo killing is bad but isn't there hypocrisy by some people?
Most "Avant-Garde" music is utterly horrible, and should really be called "experimental" music.
It is impossible for any human act to be completely unselfish
If religious people truly believed in heaven, they would be happy that they're dying
Conscription is practically enslaving your own people
If I was about to be put to death by firing squad or some other form of execution I wouldn't just stand there and take it, I would find a way to fight back
We should mourn those killed in France, but should not be so eager to support Charlie Hebdo
It would be better when speaking of human races to drop the term 'race' altogether and speak of 'ethnic groups'.
No one should be complaining about public schools when alternatives exist that they're not willing to take advantage of.
The "race card" (or religion card in light of recent events) is overplayed.
/r/changemyview report: Saturday, January 03, 2015 - Friday, January 09, 2015
It is better to live forever than to be mortal.
Kids under 18 who have babies should be required to designate a legal guardian for the baby
People who were born with liver disease should be first on the list to receive a transplant over people who destroyed theirs with alcohol/drugs.
Inspired by the recent Harry Potter post. I believe that the Harry Potter films are examples of a bad adaptation, and that Harry Potter would have been better served adapted into a TV series.
The term 'African-American' is out of date and it makes more sense to identify simply as 'American'.
I dont think we'll ever find a cure for cancer
As of right now, I don't see anything that can be done to solve the issue of human rights abuses in the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Free Will is not an illusion, and does exist.
I feel people should be given the choice to participate in scientific studies that would normally be considered "not ready for human trials" for scientific research.
My brother is making stupid financial decisions over a girl.
Seinfeld is not a show about nothing.
You could read and recall every book that has ever been written and still not be considered intelligent.
Had the cold war finished with a limited nuclear exchange, the death and destruction incurred would have been beneficial by preventing or limiting the terrorism seen in the post-Cold War conflicts.
Kinetic weapons will never become obsolete.
CMV Qui-Gon Jinn is actual a pretty amoral dude.
For skilled workers, making decent* money, complaining that your income taxes are too high is illogical because your salary amount is directly correlated to the cost of living of the area where you live and work.
The UK must abolish the Monarchy.
People who try to differentiate weeaboo, otaku, japanophile, etc. are insecure about their hobby.
[Mod Post] A New Year, A New Look
Let's talk about the value of a human life please.
TellTale as a company is harmful for the gaming industry.
Uber Surge Pricing Should Function More Like an Auction
I believe that a driver causing the total loss of another's vehicle should be liable for the entire loan balance or the entire value, whichever is greater.
autonomous cars should be federally regulated until they are comfortably understood.
it is the duty of privileged people to take advantage of their opportunities.
In the Cold War between The US and The Soviet Union, the United States were the good guys.
Saying the game isn't worth paying for isn't an excuse for pirating videogames
Fresh Topic Friday - 01/09/15
The pharmaceutical industry should be subject to the Hippocratic oath.
The pledge of allegiance should be removed from public schools in the US because it violates both freedom *of* and freedom *from* religion.
I see no reason to be moral
State Athletic Commissions should NOT be regulating Pro Wrestling.
Drug tests for jobs aren't about the drugs, they're about weeding out the losers. For the most part, anyhow.
Pugs
Drawing images of Mohammed and posting them on Reddit (or proliferating them anywhere) is unethical.
The rate at which one's income is taxed should be based upon average hourly income rather than annual income
Charlie Hebdo is a morally-repulsive, fundamentally racist paper that preys on middle class fear in France (and now abroad), and does not deserve the outpouring of support it is receiving.
Freedom of Speech is not a sacrosanct right and should be appropriately limited.
I think there is such a thing as child pornography which does not involve child abuse or exploitation.
Revolving doors in busy areas are a waste of time and inconvenient
A normal drawing of Muhammad should not be offensive to Muslims
School hours should be 9am to 5pm to match office hours in order to facilitate working parents.
Westerners mocking Islamic culture / North Korea is like a person mocking the handicapped after making them handicapped.
Dynastic Wealth Should Not Be Allowed
Media shouldn't cover terrorist attacks and people shouldn't hold vigils or in any way change their normal lives as a result of them.
Cars are a bad idea. like oil, we should move away from them.
In heaven, as long as an individual has free will and eternal life, they will sin an infinite number of times.
